Theatre of Hades
by 
James Ginns

Welcome to the Theatre of HADES. My mistress hopes you will enjoy the following films. Please note the theatre is currently under renovation. Be in full awareness of your surroundings. While the theatre in which the films you are about to see is not subject to building changes, many of the hallways, concession stands, and restrooms are to be considered construction hazards. Pathways to other theatres through the Theatre of HADES complex is even more hazardous. Please consult management for further explanation. Also understand that films you are about to see are considered classified by the HADES organization. Consult the program guide for more information. 
As a courtesy and security precaution please silence your cell phones now. You are entering the Theatre of the Land of the Dead. Nothing escapes the land of the dead.

HADES program guide 
*	*	*	The Revolt of Reality Film Fest	*	*	*

Part 1: Films						Notes
Opening Features
The Spectre of Atlantis				Prologue for this year's “12 Prophets” series
Ooze from the Confetti Factory		
	Feature Series
Dr. Greek Goes to Washington			The Beginning of the “12 Prophets” series
The Land of the Living			
Cora's Game					
The Fall of the Tower of Words
The Foot Steps of Child Prophets
Case Files of HADES
The Cave Under the Bedroom
Girl Schools and Think Tanks
The Hidden Refuge of the Gnostics
The Mistress of Seeds					The End of the “12 Prophets” series
	Independent Films
The Numerologist Can’t Stop the Bees
The Garden of Treason
The Bank of Secrets
	Concluding Feature				
Palace of the Ice Czar
The Departure of Winter
Whispers of Comfort from the Godmother
The New Woman and the New Economy
Howl Incorporated
A Brief Introduction to the New the Economy in 87 Pages
The Spectre of Winter
Arrival

Part 2: Theatres
Introduction to the Theatres
Theatre of Prophets
Theatre of Tragedy

Note on Films deemed classified by the HADES organization:
The classification system of HADES is complicated and varies by a piece's form of expression. The films featured in the program have a classification of mid-to-high (5 to 8). Classified Level 5 films are deemed "too sensitive to distribute to non-traditional media sources with any journalistic reputation" while level 8 films are "explain with clarity the methods, motives, and forms of organization used by HADES which are evocative enough that the activities can be identified with real human institutions in the present time."
Notes on exploring the Theatre of HADES complex:
As previously noted wandering the Theatre of HADES is a dangerous activity. Consult the theatre's manager on required travel documents, suggested medical advice, and the purchase of firearms. The films in other theatres have been known to cause armed conflicts, executions, interrogatory and discretionary torture, plague. and famine. Moreover, these films are often trite and dull. It is suggested you consult the program appendices for more information about these theatres if you truly wish to watch their films.

























The Spectre of Atlantis


	The office of Dr. Greek lay deathly still as he pushed his chair away from the student exams he’d been grading. The students first attempts at learning his beloved ancient Greek had grown tedious over the years, and was only serving as an excuse not to open a piece of mail left on his desk by his student assistant.  
	It was no doubt an invitation to speak on some educational program about the subject of Atlantis. His response would be completely predictable: Atlantis was a literary creation of Plato, a man more interested in illustrating philosophy than recording history. He already had passages marked in his copy of Plato’s partly Critias to illustrate. It would be nothing new. 
	The most depressing part, beyond just how much he’d be paid for this garbage, was that the producers of the show themselves already knew what he’d say. He would be the anti-Atlantis guy to serve as the counterpoint to Edgar Cayce, Madame Blovatsky, and any other self-proclaimed channeler of the Lost Continent. 
	Being TV’s anti-Atlantis guy certainly wasn’t what he was pursuing when he took up getting a doctorate in the classics. But it paid well, and with any luck he’d save enough money for a real trip to Greece, the kind that had fired him up like the semester in Greece had as an undergrad. 
	He left to get a soda from the machine downstairs and only then understood how late it was. He planned to return for the materials for his 7:30 class, but when he arrived, he found an old text vacuum sealed and practically disintegrating. He’d never seen it before. It certainly wasn’t in the university’s special collections, and it was ancient. Dr. Greek dimmed the lights as a precaution. Not having a clue what this thing was he didn’t want to jeopardize its quality by too bright a light. The Greek proved most difficult to read. It wasn’t the Athenian Greek he could read as clear as English. It was older, old enough to give him problems, especially when it was in tatters. So he went about writing a translation in English. It seemed to be titled: “The Story Passed Down the Aegean Line.”
	“The.. Aegean Line?”
	He was well versed in classical scholarship and never heard of an Aegean line. But right there in the document were the terms for the Aegean sea and for lineage. The thought crossed his mind it was a forgery. But he didn’t have command of the technical detail he’d need to prove it. So he kept up with the translation. 
	This is the story last passed down to Solon, the Athenian statesman.
	“Solon!” Dr Greek exclaimed. This was the man who supposedly passed down the story of Atlantis from Egypt.
	Long ago lived a country of men who thought they had conquered the sea. They had made an entire island to float, like any sea vessel. Possessing knowledge of building beyond measure, their island engulfed the sea. So large had their land become that Poseidon felt cheated of his kingdom. But having conquered the sea, they dreamed of conquering the heavens. 
	Poseidon schemed to gain back the sea, so he promised Apollo a sea nymph of beauty beyond imagining if he’d send an oracle to tell the Atlanteans they could reach the stars. Apollo knew this to be the case, so he agreed, and the Atlanteans built buildings high as mountains. For a short time Poseidon let the Atlanteans taste the ecstasy of the heavens, then he sent a wave which, because Atlantis was possessed of such great height but no base, that it fell like a boat, capsized and riddled with holes.
	Poseidon swallowed the kingdom in his own depths so well that the land would never be found. But as a warning he left twelve of these ancients to ensure Atlantis would never be imitated. But Solon, the statesman, refused to hear it, even though it was his lineage. So the story ends here. 
	Dr. Greek looked up and discovered it was 2 in the morning and he had a 7:30 class. But he couldn’t sleep with such an oddity in his office. So he scoured the books in his office that contained primary documents. He wanted, like any classics scholar, to put this new information into context. He’d pull an all-nighter if he could, but just to be sure he set the alarm on his cell phone to wake him at 7:15. He thought to start at least with Critias, the extant source of confusion. 
	He awoke at 7:15 not remembering where he’d stopped. The copy of Plato’s dialogue remained in his lap, and the translation lay on his desk unaltered. But the text was gone. 

	Dr. Greek began speaking to himself in a delirium brought about by lack of sleep and his need to understand the document given to him, “Athens was a naval power. If Atlantis had sunk then… But how would they know to settle in Athens, which had yet to show any signs of economic vitality at the time period of Solon?”
	Dr. Greek sat down and poured himself a cocktail of white wine and pomegranate juice. Solon was considered by many as something of the beginning of history. Authors writing long after his death attributed many things to him, and fragments and allusions were all that remained of his life. On some level he represented the beginning of history. 
	“Is that it?” Dr. Greek began again. “The beginning of history punctuated by the prehistoric arrogance of a previous civilization? Civilization’s lost precautionary tale—the arrogance of nations—forgotten just at the moment it needed to be passed down, the warning of all that civilization was capable of?”
	Dr. Greek, after sputtering his disbelief laid his head down in an uncomfortable position as if physical discomfort might some how awaken him, though from what he was not sure. Having not slept in twenty eight hours, he fell asleep in with his back bent and head splayed against the desk. 
	Dr. Greek awoke with vague memories of going to some kind of occult conference and waking in a startle as his dream ended in his drowning. It was one of those dreams you are conscious of discussing something of great import that you frustratingly forget upon waking up.
	Dr. Greek’s thoughts would have turned back to the document, except that another one had taken its place. This was a papyrus scroll in superb condition. The ink only lightly faded, the paper frayed at the edges but without tears. This document couldn’t have been anywhere near the age of the last one, even though Dr. Greek was completely out of his field in dating Egyptian texts. 
	Still, he’d had a few Egyptology classes as an undergrad and still carried a few reference works in his office. The great thing about hieroglyphs is that you didn’t need to speak the language at all, so he gathered books to make what would be a painfully slow translation. He looked up at his office clock to make sure his teaching duties would not interfere, but his clock had stopped working. Upon close inspection, the battery had been removed.
	Dr. Greek opened the door to his office to find the lights turned off and figured it must be in the dead of night. He merely left a note to his graduate assistant that he would cancel his next classes. It wasn’t the hottest thing to do without tenure, but the groundbreaking nature of his enterprise compelled him on. 
	Dr. Greek began unrolling the scroll. Even though the paper seemed fresh the language was crude and obviously terribly old. As best as he could make out, the scroll concerned the “False Scribe’s Tale of the Sea Kingdom”. 
	“Sea kingdom…” Dr Greek muttered, placing down the scroll. There wouldn’t, of course, by a ready translation of Atlantis into Egyptian. Although the title suggested a connection to Atlantis and oddly a recurrent theme seemed to be developing. The story of the sea kingdom was not believed in by the writers of the scroll, just as Solon had been incredulous. Would there be something in this text that explained the disbelief? Dr. Greek worked on a translation hieroglyph to hieroglyph:

	The ancient pharaohs passed down the story of a scribe with a piece of thin metal that cut through stone. The sword’s power was demonstrated once, and only to Horus, his officials, and his scribes. The scribe then secreted it away, saying he wanted it for protection in the after life. 
	As the living son of Osiris the pharaoh demanded to know about the scribe’s magic. He claimed to come from a kingdom far away in the sea, but that his kingdom had discovered this wisdom by approaching the heavens. 
	Upon hearing this Pharoah ordered his builders to discuss plans for reaching the heavens. He asked the scribe if he had the magic to reach the heavens and the scribe said no, but only told the pharaoh how the structure should not be built. He told pharaoh that his kingdom, upon reaching the heavens, had sunk into the sea by making his building too tall. He suggested a structure with a wide base, so as to keep it from falling. The pyramid was the most obvious solution to the problem.
	Then, having set about to build this pyramid, Pharoah wished to know what might lie in the heavens. The scribe answered the heavens were the domain of Ra, and his domain was a harem without measure in next life and the next for any pharaoh that managed to reach it.

	Dr. Greek put the scroll down. The False Scribe’s Tale of the Sea Kingdom seemed to represent a different history but an equivalent tale. A kingdom of the sea was described, along with the same motivations of reaching the heavens with monumental architecture and its subsequent failure from short-sightedness. But the details of the story were quite different.
	“Atlantis…” Dr. Greek leaned back in black office chair. “Is this your secret? Is this your hold on the world’s imagination… that a technological society, one moreso even then our own, could fall? I’ve been paid so much money to say it wasn’t real…”
	Dr. Greek snapped forward in his chair again. He reread the last few lines of what he had translated. The Egyptians had built pyraminds, that long survived their own civilization, and would outlast his own, so that the pharaoh could have sex with whoever he wanted in the afterlife? The idiocy of a leader, nay centuries of generations of people led to believe their ruler was Horus incarnate all to satisfy a few dozen penises? The title had been about a false scribe, however. 

	Stone was laid on stone for centuries, and the scribe’s line reached a great multitude—a problem for the pharaohs who wanted their motivations secret. So he had them moved away from court and on the way to their secret chamber the family saw the slaves endlessly hauling rock to construct these stairs to the sky.
	A young maternal brother finally admitted to Pharoah that pyramids had been a sham. The sea nation from which the scribe had arrived was sunk by an angry god who sent twelve messengers to spread news of its demise so that others may learn from its example. The original scribe sent to Egypt had chosen action over words, the immensity of pyramids were to show that reaching the heavens was a waste of time. The  scribe's line was cast out and construction of pyramids was ended. 

	That had been the end of the text. Strangely, however, the scroll continued to unravel blank. Until a business card of a strange material turned out inside it. There was no contact information. It simply read, HADES. A man of less insight would have search the internet to see if this was some kind of acronym, but Dr. Greek had an overwhelming burst of insight. He began to write his resignation letter, effective immediately. 


Ooze from the Confetti Factory


	“I've called you all off the factory floor for a reason everyone,” began Avery Williams, the CEO of Already Confetti. In the five years I've been proud to be managing this country, we've moved from 57th in the confetti business to 15th. I couldn't have done it without you. So I want each and everyone of you to think a way we can improve business over the next quarter.”
	The room was silent. Then an obligatory, “Paying attention to the little details!” Then the list of platitudes came out.
	“Trying make each day a better one than the last!”
	“Always try to add more value to the product!”
	“Remember we still have a long way to number one!”
	After the four anonymous explanations the employees were dispersed to their roles in the factory. Only the assistant managers remained. 
	“You never get any meaningful suggestions from the employee meetings you know.” John Bolson, the senior assistant told Avery.
	“Oh I know,” Avery responded, “Look, these are unskilled factory jobs. If my workers actually cared about the product they'd feel I was stealing their labor. Their minds and skills would be active—they might organize. As long as I make their work seem like a useless gesture  for a paycheck the more docile they are. And docile employees do what they're told.”
	“That's the logic?” Bolson exclaimed. “I would never have guessed.”
	“Yes, well. That's why I'm running this company. I called you in here because we just have a huge order. This factory may not have the capacity to fill it.”
	“Most contracted orders are late.” Jessica Lamb chimed in. “I have the numbers. The average is 17% late and 22% over budget.”
	“I can always count on you for numbers Jessica,” Avery responded. “This is our chance to move up in the business. We can make enough to start buying up other companies. I've brought in an engineering consultant, Franz Lars, and a marketing consultant and organizational psychologist Karen Whitmore.”
	“I've done a number of studies on what makes for the most pleasing confetti. It should be a rather simple matter of updating your product to the current situation and cutting costs.”
	“And it's just as important to tweak the employee and the purchaser, as the product. I'll be helping there.” Karen explained
	“What do you think we could do for our workplace, Karen?” 
	“This is always a tricky subject, that's kind of why I like it. So you send employees through this useless ritual like the one you performed and you get apathy, which is great. When employees perceive that they are being turned into cogs, which of course they are, boredom results, but then so does a feeling of camaraderie. That bond keeps people from perceiving all the other things you can do to increase productivity will keeping them herded. 
	“Human beings are superior to computers in that they can spot mistakes. But that's also a liability, because that means they can see your mistakes. You want them in a state of controlled boredom.”
	“What would you suggest?”
	“I would increase your lunch hour five minutes and invest in a juke box. Human consciousness can only process so much information at once. You want them to only think enough to make quality confetti. A great way to do that is to fill it with catchy music. They may get annoyed that a song won't leave their head, rather than their working conditions.”
	“Excellent suggestions, Karen.” Avery responded. I'm sure you have many others.
	“Of course.”
	“Well, get on the factory floor and observe the workers.”
	“I'm just poor, meek little Karen, who just wants to make your work day a more pleasant experience. In my spare time I'm a bored housewife.” Karen responded. Her voice seemed to raise an octave with half the volume. She was a high priestess of obsequiousness. 
	“Your thoughts Mr. Lars?”
	“Confetti is a bit different than it used to be. The focus used to be on bright, solid strips. Nowadays people wanted their product quicker and more versatile. You can't focus on your basic rainbow colors. Now the process is more to make a custom color and three or four compliments. This is a hard departure from previous practice, but the clients demand it.”
	“Is there going to be a big capital investment in new equipment?”
	“No, inks are easily mixed. Studies show that generally the biggest impediment to the newest confetti styles are the central engineers. They generally need to be made to feel incompetent until a younger replacement can be found.”
	“But our company has grown leaps and bounds in the past five years. He's been a big part of that success and he knows it.” Avery responded.
	“It is incredibly simple to make someone feel incompetent. You just need to give them tasks that can't be done but pretend you're giving them plenty of time to work on them. Just pile on the tasks that can't be done over a period of time and someone will give in.”
	“Excellent. You all attend to your duties gentleman and woman. We're going to wail away at the competition.” Avery instructed. Everyone but John Bolson went to the factory floor.  “You have something to say John?”
	“I don't trust these new consultants.”
	“There credentials are impeccable.”
	“I don't like the way they look at humans as machines.”
	“Well, they are aren't they? Our employees? Trained to do a rote task all day with the bare minimum of thought so they can get wages to buy their needs?”
	“Yes. I agree that's the situation. It's the way factory work is. But these consultants don't  just look at our employees as wage drones. They look at them like toys.”
	“Well, if anything goes terribly wrong we can fire everyone and go back to the old ways.”
	“I suppose.”

	“Your factory is holy inadequate,” Karen explained to Avery, flipping her pen around in her hand and consistently clicking it as though she used it incessantly to find errors.
	“What makes you say that?” Avery asked. “It can't be that bad,” he said in defense. Even with Karen's diminutive stature she was intimidating because she spoke every word as if it were absolute truth. 
	“Your lunch hall is the room for greatest improvement. Remember, this is when your employees think they are on break from the job. You know otherwise. They might not be operating on the machines, but they're still on the job. Your lunch room doesn't take this into account. I've drawn up a list of suggestions.”
	“Fire away.” 
	“First I would suggest a specific smoking area. A spot that is specifically removed from non-smokers so that the non-smokers don't deal with cigarette smoke at all.”
	“Not bad.”
	“The purpose of course is to create a smoking clique that is apart from the population. This will make it harder for your workers to organize. I would also recommend a jukebox, a large screen tv, and a gambling table of some sort.”
	“Gambling table. For poker?”
	“Black jack would serve your purposes better. In a poker game everyone plays against each other. In black jack they play against the house.”
	“So you want me to turn my lunch hall into a gambling arena. Why?”
	“It's simple. In black jack the house has the advantage. It's a guaranteed money maker. You must also understand that the compulsive gambler will become indebted to the house. He will thus begin surrendering possessions to you. A person who believes they are in debt by their own mistakes pays more reliably than one who thinks the debt is predatory.”
	“So the juke box.”
	“I have a contact with a quite professional company. They offer 100 song, 200 song, and 500 song juke boxes, each song demonstrated to have only the most modest of pleasure responses. With a lunch hour crammed with the blandest music one can imagine, your workers will never be truly inspired, only pacified.”
	“I'll go with the 500 song jukebox.”
	“Lastly, there's the television, which should be for sports.”
	“That would definitely go over well.”
	“Of course the sports should always be pre-screened for games where the home team always wins.”
	“Wouldn't that get boring after a while?”
	“People watch boring sports games. The purpose is to create, in the mind of the viewer, a sense of inevitable victory over competitors, even when the victory is pre-scripted and hollow.”
	“What else would you suggest?”
	“I've also taken a look at the factory floor, and there is a contact of mine I think you should consult. Emily Sanders.”
	“And what does she do?”
	“A combination of digital photography and painting. Every employee in your factory is responsible for some aspect of confetti. They see the raw materials, they see the finished project. What they don't see is how important their role is in making the product. Emily should be perfectly capable of creating before and after photos.”
	“But the workers already see their portions. They know their input, their duty, and what the result is.”
	“Well of course they can see that. What they can't see is how terrible the product would be if they neglected their duties. They know they have to do their duties so they can get paid, so they don't know what a completely neglected job would look like.”
	“So Emily knows the business well enough to make the before and after photos.”
	“No, she's an accomplished graphic designer—she doesn't have time for engineering. She can just imagine what a degradation of product would look like. She's quite skilled. No one will know the difference.”
	“Excellent. You have the proposed changes to the factory on schematics? I'll talk to my accountant about purchasing.”
	“Don't worry. By this time tomorrow you'll be able to see the changes.”

	“So, Shawn,” Avery began, “How are you getting along with our engineering consultant Mr. Lars?”
	“If I may be frank sir, he's a terrible engineer. I don't know why you're consulting him. He's not going to improve anything.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“He keeps telling me to mix incompatible inks. He insists that today's client needs new colors, and he's probably right, but he doesn't know the chemistry of producing the colors he demands.”
	“Are you saying certain colors just aren't possible? A computer printer can easily print any color of the rainbow.”
	“Yes, but we're printing bulk paper, not a few glossy pages.”
	“Well we're going to have to try something new. I'm about ready to bid on an entirely new line.”
	“What's the gross?”
	“$10 million.”
	“You're not serious. We can't handle that kind of input. Look, I've been engineering efficiencies in our process for twelve years. That's five times what these machines can do.”
	“Which is why we need an engineering consultant. Is he really suggesting impossible colors, or does he know more about the latest inks than you do?”
	“He... might know. I... haven't gone to engineering school in a while.”
	“Well, listen to his suggestions. I'm going to need some hard numbers for Jessica on this new proposal. Mr. Larz feels the engineering changes to meet the new demand are completely doable.”
	“But sir! Running the machines hard enough to produce that load...”
	“No more can'ts from you Shawn. I have faith in you and Lars.

*	*	*

	The day at Already Confetti started out like just about any day since the new changes. The factory machines had increased their output sevenfold, Shawn Hayes, the engineer, still couldn't quite figure out how that was possible. Nor could he quite articulate what had happened to the rest of the employees in the factory. He could only note the physical changes in the staff. They had turned paler. Their voices were flatter. They seemed to have lost an inch of height from consistently slouching. But the most unsettling factor was they never seemed to blink. 
	Shawn typically ate alone, not really caring to interact much with people during work hours. This had especially been the case when the lunch arrangement had changed. The food served was not to his liking, the music had no passion, the conversation was terrible, the new TV should nothing but sports reruns, and he considered the black jack table shameless.
	This day Shawn was called in to try to fix the juke box.
	“What seems to be the problem?” Shawn asked when summoned.
	“The music isn't playing right,” a female employee informed him. “It's playing the words out of order.”
	Shawn give the music a bit of a listen.
	The share of and you and me
	The year of heartbreak, when you loved me...
	It was drivel, but it was drivel out of order. It was a most unusual problem. If any computer memory was failing, it wouldn't leave the music intact but put the words out of order. An electrical or PA problem wouldn't cause that either. 
	“Here,” Shawn said, grabbing one side of the jukebox. “Help me move this thing forward.” Shawn and another employee grunted to move it forward. The object was mysteriously heavy. It didn't contain more information than could fit on a basic hand held music device. After being moved, drips of a sticky red substance could be seen running down the back and across the wires. The ooze rolled down the machine like melted candle wax. There was a great deal stuck to both the wires of the PA and the electrical outlet. 
	Much as the idea of getting a new PA system was a hassle, it was nothing compared to having to rewire the factory. All the music equipment was unplugged and Shawn unscrewed the outlets to see if this new red ooze had made its way into the electrical system. It had. Shawn made the decision to go off to the circuit breaker and cut power to the lunch room. Unnervingly, the circuits he had to cut also contained that ooze. He opened up the breakers to segregate the ooze from the rest of the factory's electricity. 
	Then he went back to the juke box. It was playing without electrical power. It started to do more than just play lyrics out of order. It was repeating chorus lines dozens of times, along with deleting words and lines from verses. It must have had a strange circuitry disorder. It was true as always that you can't really fix electronics, but Shawn decided to try to open the thing. He looked about for the machines screws and seams. It didn't look like the screws had been placed so as to allow for it to open, but the seams became increasingly clotted with the new ooze which seemed to lubricate the shell into falling apart.
	Inside the machine the motherboard was horizontal and bowed downward like a bowl. A puddle of the ooze lay in the shallow depression. The puddle seemed to expand and contract, expand and contract, each expansion seeming a bit bigger than the last. Eventually some of the ooze would drip down off the motherboard. The strange thing about the puddle was that it wasn't coming from some tube connected to the motherboard. The puddle seemed to be growing of its own accord. 
	Shawn turned around and turned back to the factory workers. He seemed to have their own expression: fear, curiosity, befuddlement, horror—whatever it was, the weak posture and pale skin he'd been seeing in them for months had gone. Their muscles seemed tighter, ready to spring into some sort of action, though none of them really had any idea what action would be required. 
	A great deal of chatter erupted amongst the workers watching Shawn and the machine.
	“I think it's evil. The fluid's moving in and out, like a demon heart.”
	“This isn't a horror movie. Someone must have rigged it up inside.”
	“But what is this substance anyway?”
	“Well they can make all those fancy iPods and iPads, don't you think that they can unmake electronics?”
	“That's impossible. If they could why wouldn't we recycle our old computers and phones? This is the devil's work I tell you.”
	“Would you all be quiet!” Shawn commanded, wanted to examine this new problem in silence. “Get me a rag or a roll of paper towels.”
	Someone produced a roll within a few minutes. Shawn placed the towel into the mess to see if it would absorb and it seemed not to and it seemed heavy enough that it might break the paper towel if too much was lifted at once. So he went through two dozen strips of paper towel until he cleaned the well the ooze seemed to have come from. But even as it seemed to expand upward from the depression in the motherboard Shawn couldn't find the source. 
	“I think it's safe to say we ought to haul this out to the trash.” Shawn finally concluded. Within half an hour it was being hauled out in a van while everyone returned to work. But after all duties had been attended to, the workers returned for a debate on the ooze, with some insisting a natural and others a supernatural cause. An agreement could not be reached. The factory's black jack dealer, having long made a living on people's false convictions, let the conflicting parties wager. 


	Shawn had come for some rather grim news for his boss. He had yet to identify the source of the ooze, but it had made it into the production line. He stood outside the door, terrified to knock. Ever since first working with Lars he'd been afraid of mentioning even the slightest problem to his boss. Lars' methods had increased production seven times over. It needed tinkering with from time to time, but Shawn was too afraid to mess too much with the system for fear he might get fired for a younger counterpart. Now he had to say something. But he hesitated, especially since he heard yelling inside his bosses' office.
	“You have to do something Karen!” Avery yelled in desperation. “Look I don't know what happened but there was an incident with the jukebox. It stopped working and had some kind of red ooze inside.”
	“Sounds like a prank. When did this happen?”
	“A few days ago, but it's reached my workforce like a storm! Everyone's talking about it. They aren't listening to bland music or old football. They're doing research and thinking.”
	“Calm down. This shouldn't require more than simple troubleshooting. You have any idea what the ooze might have been?”
	“No.”
	“Ok, look, when you consulted me I set up a system designed to keep people from thinking. You're not in my line of thinking so you don't understand that that is simply the best way to keep your employees in line. But you are still in a pretty safe position if the employees are consumed by questions that don't cover the basics. You know, 'Why am I here?', 'Why are you the boss?', 'Why do we need hierarchy?', etc. Just send the red stuff off to a chemical lab to have it analyzed. They'll find out what it is and then go back to their old habits, and since the machine is still under warranty we can send you a new one free of charge—provided we can see no one's tampered with it...”
	“The employees got scared, chucked it in a van and ran off with it.”
	“Oh, I'm sorry. The warranty doesn't cover employee theft I'm afraid. We can, however, offer a free consultation if the work environment gets too out of hand.”
	“Thank you.” Avery concluded, hanging up the phone. His sudden change of heart gave Shawn the courage to enter.
	“Shawn.”
	“Sir, about the red ooze...”
	“It's being sent off to be chemically analyzed ASAP. No need to worry about the jukebox whatsoever.”
	“I'm not worried about the jukebox. That ooze had made it into the assembly line.”
	“What? How did you let that happen?”
	“I don't know where it came from or how it could have moved.”
	“There must be a saboteur.”
	“I don't earnestly think so sir.”
	“What makes you say so?”
	“The ooze is appearing in a particular part of the process, something Lars concocted. The stream-freeze ink method.”
	“What's that?”
	“Well, we had to make high volume confetti in colors not possible before. The steam freeze method is hitting the product with high power steam and liquid nitrogen at the same time.  The ooze is coming from the liquid nitrogen pipe. No one could get inside that but the distributor. I think you ought to call Lars.”
	“I will. Now get back to making confetti.”
	“But sir!”
	“What?”
	“We don't know if the ooze is safe to run through the machines.”
	“Then find out!” Avery screamed “we can't afford to be off schedule in our deliveries over this.”
	“Yes sir.” Shawn left.
	Avery dialed Lars office. 
	“Lars?”
	“Yes?”
	“Avery from Already Confetti. There's been a, uh, problem with your system.”
	“When was it set up again?”
	“Seven months ago.”
	“Ok. You should know it's no longer under warranty. But I'll do what I can to help out my old friend and customer.”
	“Have you heard any reports of a red ooze appearing in your systems?”
	“No.”
	“Well, this red mystery substance, it's leeching into the system and altering our product.”
	“I've never heard of a problem like this before. Have you pinpointed the source?”
	“My engineer tells me its coming from the... liquid nitrogen pipes for steam freezing.”
	“What? That's impossible! Are you joking with me? I mean the system's not under warranty anymore. I can't fix it, no matter what story you make up.”
	“I'm not joking. That's where my engineer said the problem was.”
	“So this ooze is soluble with liquid nitrogen and doesn't freeze?”
	“I guess.”
	“I think I ought to see this myself. A substance like that might be worth quite a bit.”

	By the time Lars made it to the factory the red ooze had found its way into just about every part of the industrial process: the transformation of wood pulp to paper, the chemical softening, the dying process, the shredding, and the co-mingling. This had of course brought production to a halt. The ooze had yet to identified chemically but one odd fact about it remained: it was dissolved by carbon. It bleached newsprint and books, so the factory was running on its lowest setting with charcoal dust being added during each phase. The charcoal seemed to eliminate the ooze at one stage only to have it return in the next. But with enough charcoal added to the mix, the ooze would be eliminated at that stage. People wondered if production could continue if enough additive were involved.
	Lars went to look at the system, “I've never seen anything like this before. You made the 10 million order didn't you?”
	“Yes sir. We most certainly did. But we'll fall behind again if we have to replace all our equipment. Hell there's no telling if the new equipment might get infected.”
	“You've sent the ooze off to a chemical laboratory?”
	“Yes.”
	“I come to offer you a contract.”
	“Contract?”
	“Well, whatever this substance is, it might be worth a fortune. We've already filed for a patent. If you want an extended legal battle over rights I'm sure my firm is prepared to do so...”
	“I'll let my CFO look over your terms. So listen, what do we do? You're more familiar than anyone else about the system you modified.”
	“Well you've been using this new charcoal system have you not? Does it produce a similar product?”
	“We're having quality assurance testing that right now.”
	“Lead the way Avery.”
	Avery went down a long metal hallway to a set of double iron doors.
	“Boss?” one of the workers looked up from a microscope being used to examine the confetti. 
	“Can we get rid of the ooze?” Avery asked.
	“There's still microscopic droplets,” the scientist replied, “and all our experience is that this stuff reproduces.”
	“Well then, who are your clients?” Lars asked
	“That $10 million gross deal was with the American Party Supply Institute.”
	“You have got to be kidding me.” Lars looked on in disgust. “You run this confetti factory, but have no idea where it goes?”
	“Avery!” Shawn shouted out, exasperated. “Why didn't you tell me Lars was here? Didn't you think I should have known?”
	“Well, you've been on the ground dealing with this ooze. Lars needed filling in. In any case, you're here now. So back to the APSI order. Confetti is a party supply is it not? Is it not unreasonable to assume they needed my product?”
	“You are quite naive. Do you have a chief accountant of some kind? He ought to be able to fill you in.”
	“Yes, I imagine she will. I think Ms. Lamb's in her office. I'll call her on my cell phone.” Avery dialed the number
	“Yes? Mr. Williams?” Jessica replied.
	“The 10 million gross account, the American Party Supply Institute, is that a real company?”
	“Well of course not Mr. Williams.”
	“But we do sell to real companies don't we?”
	“Of course not. We got out of that game some time ago.”
	“Not taking into account that big deal our sale of confetti has gone up about 78%, and we don't sell to real companies? Who are we selling this stuff to?”
	“As I handle our accounts I can't tell you.”
	“What do you mean you can't tell me?”
	“I file all the 787 forms. They include confidentiality clauses.”
	“Confidentiality clauses for confetti?”
	“Yes of course. Our customers don't want anyone to know that they're actually using confetti.”
	“Isn't that the exact opposite of the purpose of confetti? You throw it into the air haphazardly?”
	“Mr. Avery Williams this is quite unbelievable. I know you're not a numbers person and have let me handle client details, but are you really blind to your clients? Do you know what a 787 form is?”
	“I always let you in charge of the numbers.”
	“A 787 is an application for a temporary company to make a single purchase with its initial capital investment. It includes a confidentiality agreement from the supplier.”
	“I know you can't name names, but then what kind of clients do we have?”
	“Advertising agencies, political campaigns, understaffed newspapers, ghost-written blogs... anybody who needs truth faster than it can actually be produced.”
	“Needs truth?”
	“Confetti is stock phrases, cliches, talking points, ambiguous positions, press releases for events that never happen, that kind of thing.”
	“So people paste together our confetti and false advertising comes out.”
	“No, not false advertising. Fragmentary truth. Statements resembling truth that are good enough for the moment, for the teleprompter. You think in the information anyone that runs for high office can have knowledge and a position on everything? This day and age needs confetti more than ever. That's what's responsible for our growth.”
	“Oh,” Avery slumped back and dropped the phone. “Lars, I'll need to see you in my office in a bit. I just... uh, need a little time.” 
	He walked off and Shawn picked up the phone.
	“Mr. Williams? What's going on? Are you there?”
	“It's me Jessica.”
	“Shawn Aaron! You've been so busy we haven't had much time to talk.”
	“I, uh, only heard Avery's half of the conversation. People paste together our confetti to make false advertising?”
	“No, as I explained to Mr. Williams, we make fragmentary truth. Expedient truth. Truth that's good enough for the moment when no one really knows the truth. Does this shock you?”
	“No. All the modifications to our products over the years...”
	“They impressed our clients. This company wouldn't be what it is without you.”
	“I... I didn't know I was doing what I was doing. But it all seems to make so much sense now. I'm an engineer. I keep a system together. I just didn't realize what was the system I was keeping together. Lies.”
	“Not necessarily lies. Sometimes lies. More like statements made in an era moving too fast for true self examination.”
	“You knew this all along and never said anything?”
	“You and Avery performed so well in this business I thought you must have known. “
	“I must confess I've grown weary of this business. I mean the factory engineering. Solving the problem with this ooze is novel. I don't know, maybe it'll be the challenge I've been looking for.”
	“That's the spirit Shawn Aaron! Look I've got a desk full of numbers to crunch.”
	“See you at the next staff meeting.”

	Avery closed the door hard and locked the deadbolt. He was going to finish this business with Lars without any further interruption.
	“This ooze is everywhere. It's made its way through the entire system. You set up the system, you must have seen it before.”
	“No. I haven't.”
	“How many of these systems have you set up?”
	“Thirty, at least. My best guess is 31.”
	“You must have seen this before.”
	“No, I've never seen it before.”
	“Well I can't produce my product in the system. The ooze multiplies, there seems to be no way to get rid of it. But at the end of my process the particles are only microscopic. It's confetti, and just has to be thrown everywhere, quickly. I'm asking for your advice. Do you think I can still move my product?”
	“You really don't understand big business. Hell, your chief accountant has a better understanding than you. If you produce enough numbers you can pull a fast one on anybody. I can set you up with a nice university that will produce a study that shows objectively the inked confetti is superior. Then you move it as fast as you can until your system is fixed.”
	“What if the product turns out to be horrible?”
	“You don't ask what if's in this business. If you want to play with the big dogs you ought to get used to that fact. That's what your product is for—instantaneous appearance of thoughts you've never had.”
	“We have got things down to having the ink be microscopic before its shipped. How much for that study?”
	“Two million.”
	“Million? But that's almost all we made in net on that big order.”
	“Yes well, if you send your new product out to disaster you'll ruin your company for sure.”
	“Alright. A million.”
	“Two million. You won't find a better offer.”
	“I can't face my shareholders without some profit on that deal. 1.7 million.”
	“Hmm...”
	“1.8 million.”
	“I suppose.”
	“Do you have any idea what's going on, Lars?” Avery pleaded.
	“Everything's fine. There's always a solution for these types of things.”
	“What kind of solution do you expect here?”
	“One will show up. Always does.”
	“If we ship a ruined product?”
	“That's why you'll have the study. Should hold up in court.”
	“But no one will purchase anything from us again!”
	“Declaring bankruptcy isn't as rough or shameful as it sounds.”
	“Bankruptcy? This is my company and it's going to be ruined!”
	“You shouldn't concern yourself to much. You did remember to give yourself a huge bonus for that $10 million deal didn't you?”
	“Bonus? For the deal we're going to spend $1.8 million covering our asses on and barely make a profit?”
	“An unfortunate consequence. But you secured that enormous offer, you ought to be paid well for it.”
	“Enough to retire, huh Lars?”
	“What? No, you're a CEO. You just move on to another industry. You have administrative experience. You can run any company that you want.”
	“But a huge part of my success in this company came from my experience with this product.”
	“Your next company doesn't need to know that.” 
	Avery's face bleached. This new ooze was a freak of nature. Lars was a bona fide monster. He could shrug off even the worst of consequences—provided that they happened to anyone but him.
	“I can't believe I trusted you with my company.”
	Lars stretched his arms high into the air and yawned at Avery as though he was spitting in his face. “Your mistake. Not mine.”
	“Got out of here before I call the police.”
	“Don't bother. I'm gone. You're not paying me to be here.” Lars nonchalantly walked out the door. He closed the door with little effort. But in the gulf of silence in Avery's office, it seemed to be slammed shut. Avery looked deep in the ebony of his desk before pressing a button on his intercom. “Shawn?”
	“Yes. Boss?”
	“Prepare our new product for shipment.” 
	“Avery I need to talk to you in your office. Alone. Now.”
	“You disagree with this decision?”
	“Vehemently.”
	“If you must, you can come to my office. We'll settle our differences.”
	Shawn walked into Avery's office without any of the hesitations of his previous visits.
	“Sir, you can't sent out our product. We don't know what the ooze is. We don't know what it does. I don't know, maybe the factory machinery is finished, but if you send this shipment out it won't matter. The company will be ruined.”
	“How am I supposed to face my shareholders? When they find out about the problems we've been having our stock price will plummet. The very capital we'd need for a maintenance will dry up.”
	“You don't think people are going to find out about this? You think that ooze is just going to disappear? Machines can be replaced. A reputation can't. I've been proud of our product. Maybe fragmentary truth wasn't what I thought I was producing, but the world does seem to need it. I think Jessica was right. If a society is running too fast to truly think about what it's doing, something has to be done. Some sort of product is necessary to fill that gap. I still don't know how I feel about the product but we can't display this type of negligence.”
	“Are you only capable of thinking like an engineer?” Avery asked, face downward.
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“You don't really know the purpose of a CEO. To you I'm just a boss that has expectations regarding your performance. But a CEO's job is to manipulate people. The CEO manipulates the employees to do the job he wants for the pay he's willing to give them. He manipulates managers to have them keep rank and file in line. He manipulates shareholders to be pleased with the company's performance. The CEO is supposed to be the one in control. To find out I'm just a cog in the system, making fragmentary truth... who cares if the product is good or bad? I exist...” the words became hollow in Avery's mouth “... to make profit. And I can't make profit without a product.”
	“I'm putting my foot down. Don't ship this product.”
	“There's nothing you can say or do to change my mind. If you can't solve the ooze problem I'm just going to have to talk to Lars.”
	“The man who ruined everything in the first place?”
	“He understands running a company. You don't.” 

	Shawn walked into Jessica Lamb's office with a dejected look on his face. 
	“Shawn Aaron!” Jessica exclaimed. “I've missed you.”
	“Have you? Avery sent out our new product.”
	“I know. Money's coming in. No delinquent payments.”
	“You have a tv in your office?”
	“My computer ought to be able to pick up anything you want to show me.”
	“I was worried about what you were talking about. Fragmentary truth. So I did a few hours of investigation. Listen to this. C-Span:

Freedom of religion is a commandment from God whose sanctity cannot be trampled upon. The murder of a child is murder. It does not matter if that child is elected or not. That child has a right to take up the call to office, and we must respect that right and put that child in office.

	“Hmm... the product was faulty. I'll tell Avery I've got to get started with some creative accounting.”
	“No. Jessica, you know I've always felt you understand how I feel.”
	“Shawn Aaron.”
	“I think I'm going to quit. I'm an engineer. I work on systems. I'm not ok with fragmentary truth. I think I'm going to investigate the ooze. How long do you think this company is going to last?”
	“The confetti purchase system is complex enough that I can make sure it doesn't lead back to us. So it depends on if you can get the equipment fixed.”
	“What if I don't want the equipment fixed?”
	“Well... you either want to work here or you don't. To work here the equipment has to be fixed.”
	“So that's it? I just go back to being a cog in the machine.”
	“You'd prefer to be an ooze monger?”
	“What about you? You're ok with just being a cog in the machine?”
	“That's all anyone ever is. Look, I told you, our age is moving to fast for the truth. Society needs people that understand this.”
	“You sound already decided. But then answer me this. What is it and where'd it come from?”
	“Look, Shawn, I imagine I'm going to be extremely busy quite soon. But I'll help you with this problem. We're friends. Where did this stuff first start?”
	“In the jukebox.”
	“What was so special about the jukebox? What did it play?”
	“I don't remember.”
	“Really? It's been here for some time, and you don't remember a song or two?”
	“I didn't really listen. It's just the kind of stuff you'd here on the radio.”
	“What 'kind of stuff' that you'd hear on the radio?”
	“Just... stuff.”
	“Are you surprised that you can't remember a single song?”
	“Yes.”
	“I'm not.”
	“And those sports games on the new TV's. Can you remember a single game?”
	“No.”
	“And the modifications you made to the confetti over the years. How well can you remember them?”
	“Off the top of my head not that many. Though if I could take a look over my schematics and calculations I think I'd remember a lot more.”
	“Yes... if you could look over some of the things you've written. You know why I'm top accountant here? My files can document every transaction this company has ever made, and I can retrieve that information readily.”
	“But what if someone came in one night, and changed the numbers without you knowing.”
	“The thought has kept me up at night. No one knows the numbers well enough to do it, but I fret about it.”
	“But this ooze. I remember when it started, how it ruined the factory, how Avery put through the stupid order. I remember how it drips, how it sticks, what makes it breed, what keeps it in check.”
	“Yes, you do. And I'm afraid, as an accountant, I can't really tell you anymore. Look, whatever it is, deal with it. Put your mind to it. Examine it as if it's a problem that can be solved. That's the only way to save the factory. I need you to keep your head clear. Avery's flipped a gasket. He couldn't have planned for the accident but he's had a fair hand at bringing down his own company. He... talked to a contact of Lars. Someone who works with a private equity firm. He thinks they can save the company. But those kinds of firms don't always have the incentive to save a company.
	“Avery is turning to help from the very people that destroyed his company?”
	“He's pretty convinced our company's new problem can be solved by businessmen. So he's hired the biggest players.”
	“It's...” Shawn didn't know what combination of business and engineering might be necessary. “Entirely an engineering problem!” 
	“If that's how you feel then you're going to need your wits about you. These companies don't play nice. As the chief engineer they're going to look at you as the first problem to be solved. You'll need to be determined if you want the factory fixed.”
	“Maybe I don't want the factory fixed. Maybe I disagree with its product.”
	“I suppose that's up to you. All things considered, I'd prefer to have a job.”
	“No. The ooze is a new challenge I'm up to. Maybe ooze flows out when the confetti machines have had enough... In any case, I shouldn't abandon what I've worked twelve years on. Maybe this company is going to fail. But I will find out what this ooze is if that's possible.”




Dr. Greek goes to Washington

	
	It was always in his periods of greatest dejectedness and failure that led Dr. Greek to the Smithsonian Art Museum. Everything had turned upside down for him since his discovery of HADES. He always went straight to the works of the cubists that he turned to. It was their insistence of drawing their subjects from multiple angles in the same picture that lifted his spirits. 
	Perhaps the artists looked at their paintings a bit differently than he did. But what he saw was a refusal to surrender the three dimensions of an object when rendering it on a surface. He'd been taught perspective in his high school art classes. But these paintings were different. Perspective was intended to give the illusion of depth. These paintings, though their mission was impossible at the outset, seemed to desire to give the real depth of an object. There was something about seeing that refusal in a tangible object, not an abstraction, that gave him hope.
	He had been in the museum five times in the last three weeks. Something had happened during the sixth month of having left his job. He saw something for the first time. It was a speck, nothing more. It was like a grain of sand in his eye. No one can actually see the grain in their eye. The eye just knows its there, and knows that it must wash it out. Not that he wanted to discard this speck. He only needed it out of his eye, so he could actually look at it. 
	Dr. Greek had hoped an extended visit to the Library of Congress would help him understand what he was looking for. He was a scholar, and libraries and archives were where he looked for answers. He remained convinced that the texts he had seen were real, and that for some reason an entity named HADES had shown them to him—and then taken them away. 
	Dr. Greek had approached this quandary from numerous angles. The nature of history was a huge issue. History begins with written records. Tangible language that had left behind that others could revive. He had seen texts lost to history. However, because he could not put them in his hands, they frustratingly remained pre-history. Oral tales—nothing more. It was quite an important distinction to make. An original text would not have been modified to “suit the times” to hide some truth a king or culture didn't want you to know. It would be the same words the author wrote. Yet for the first time since his intense scholarly training, the importance of this distinction seemed less important. 
	What had occupied Dr. Greek for so long wasn't scholarship. He began to understand that after five months of study. The revival of Western civilization began with the discovery of the texts of the ancients. They were a foundation. He knew from his studies that many of the works of the ancients had been disproved. Ptolemy's earth, center of the universe, had been disproven centuries ago, but describing the movements of the universe with mathematics remained. 
	The rediscovered work of the Greeks, he had always passionately believed, had to be not just examined and debated, but protected. He wasn't a scholar. He was a guardian. This knowledge, this better understanding of who he was—that was the speck, the grain of sand in his eye.
	What had he protected? A text of Plato no one ever read? A story about Atlantis eroded by hacks and popular culture? A language people didn't speak anymore? These things were trivia. No... there was something extremely important about Greece that drew him to it. It had dawned on him, looking at the historical borders of so many other cultures that their had been scholars in every culture with enough food to support people committed to full time inquiry. 
	What had been so special about the Greeks was that they had been rediscovered by a culture that believed in revelation. Truth had already been revealed by Christ, or more correctly the followers of Christ. The texts of the Greeks had been silent guardians of inquiry. The textual accuracy, in the end, was unimportant.
	All of Dr. Greek's life and efforts seemed to dissolve upon this understanding and he was faced with another great sorrow. He felt there was something that he had to get done, and he didn't have any money. He had taken to writing papers on Greek culture for college students. At times this was as easy as taking a student paper and correcting it. At other times he faced the challenge of writing on a new topic and sounding like an incoming freshman rather than a doctor. It grated against every nerve he had as a teacher, and his only cold comfort was knowing that students didn't care about the subject either way. 
	In any case, Dr. Greek had to this point failed in uncovering anything about HADES. There were several ideas to tackle. One was that HADES was a codename for some black market antiquities organization. This was the simplest explanation: black market organization possessing ancient texts it wasn't supposed to have. It was, however, unsatisfying. Had the object he had been shown been an artifact it would make sense. But a lost manuscript would only have priceless status if it were known to exist, and what he possessed wasn't known to exist. Dr. Greek went through many of the high profile cases and trials of antiquities dealers and there was no trace led back to HADES.
	The second possibility was that HADES represented some quasi government or covert business entity. This seemed the most likely of scenarios, but also the most difficult. HADES wasn't an acronym of any kind. It was not listed amongst the registry of government agencies nor was it licensed to do business in the United States. However, after some research into international monetary schemes: laundering, off shore accounts, shell companies, etc. It was clear a company could exist, completely hidden from view. Still, it was a reasonable idea so he continued research, merely looking up other possibilities as well.
	He also scoured the literature of conspiracy theory. Maybe someone, somewhere along the line had noticed too many disjointed facts to not be perplexed, and discovered some shadow known as HADES. Research led nowhere: he found an endless collection of stories about the Illuminati, the Free Masons, alien life forms, the Knights Templar, and Jewish banking conspiracies.
	He'd never really had an enormous faith in these kinds of things. A secret passed through the generations need only fail one generation for that secret to be lost forever. A secret organization need only one dedicated whistle blower to risk complete exposure. So imagining giant shadow organization lasting throughout the generations to be the all controlling source of manipulation of all of people's lives, though amusing at first, grew increasingly tedious. It seemed more than anything that these ideas were psychological defense mechanisms to avoid at what really controlled every day life: the church, the state, and the rich. But if there were mere rumors about HADES amongst these complex mystery schemes it would be a start. He hadn't read a word.
	There was one final explanation on Dr. Greek's mind, which he also saved for last. That HADES was literal: either the Greek god or the Greek underworld. The documents provided to Dr. Greek shouldn't have existed, and yet HADES supplied them to him. Could it be that he was failing to find a natural mechanism because there was a supernatural mechanism? 
	This was a leap Dr. Greek had been unable to make. For one, it didn't really solve anything. If the cause was supernatural he'd have no way to research it, and hence he would be stuck with what he had right now: nothing. He didn't really want to ponder the idea of months of research going nowhere. Moreover, had supernatural causes intervened at times in Greek history, he would also have to admit that, despite the decades of study and teaching of Greece, he didn't really know his subject. It also meant that to progress on his quest no research could help, he would have to wait for another anomaly. 

	As Dr. Greek's search continued so did he increase in skill forging academic papers. To write as if lacking knowledge and appear to authentic in mistakes one knew to be mistakes in advance began to be a sort of game for Dr. Greek. It was interesting, after having written 40-50 papers, to finally receive an assignment from a fellow forger.
	The assignment was simple: translation of a page of a document that in fact didn't exist. It was a supposed dialogue by Plato. In the dialogue Socrates slowly discusses a version of the story of Orpheus and Eurydice: Orpheus plays a lyre with such skill he convinces Persephone to let his lover Eurydice leave the underworld to rejoin him, provided that he not turn back to look at her until she had left the underworld. Orpheus agrees, makes his way out of Hades, and in his relief turns to his lover only to realize that she had still not left the underworld. 
	The story held many of the typical trappings of Plato: having Socrates lead a dialogue that the historical Socrates probably never had. Socrates had almost all of the lines and at times the other characters, supposing to represent other points of view, became yes men to Socrates' (Plato's) ideas. It was an amusing imitation, with Plato trying to make the case for leading a moral life despite the existence of death. 
	The forgery, was in fact, too good. This wasn't a known dialogue of Plato's, nor was this a dialogue known to be missing. Why would a student send a text like this to be translated? Was HADES involved in giving him yet another document? Dr. Greek wanted to believe it, because it meant he might be able to go forward in his quest—wherever that might lead. The problem remained, however, as to what to do with the paper. Would men in black suits come to take it away? Unlikely—this was a computer file. He had to trace the sender in some way. 
	He was not particularly skilled in computers, but a unpolished undergrad translation wasn't going to take much time. When Dr. Greek began looking inside the architecture of the every day Internet (ISP's, IP addresses, file transfer protocol, etc.) things seemed hopelessly complicated. But as he searched the tricks of various hackers and computer deliquents things became considerably simple. He could simply set up his own site that would redirect that student to the actual site for placing the file, but he would put a basic traffic cookie on it. This would let him observe the browser history of whoever requested the translation—provided the cookie remained. Traffic cookies weren't exactly the most difficult to discover and remove. The computer might not even accept the cookie, and a redirecting page so simple wouldn't be too subtle either. But there seemed no other way forward. 
	There seemed to be one variable in the equation. If the author really was a naïve student and the tracking cookie would successfully document browsing history or if the professional on the other end would find his efforts pathetic. 
	He tried to go about his business until the time came for the download, but that proved nigh impossible. By now he'd understood the antiquities black market that he could make a fortune if he had the contacts. His morass of corporate earnings reports and “censored by the mainstream media” fluoride studies just couldn't hold his attention. He founded himself online, gorging travel literature of modern day Greece where ancient Thrace—the homeland of  Orpheus—once existed. 
	He read of the region's endless incursions western incursions: the Turks, the Bulgars, and the Russians who all left a part of their empires behind. Already he pictured sea side villas and old world homes with streets to narrow for cars. His mouth watered a bit at the idea of a pomegranate—a Greek pomegranate, which he'd not had for over a decade. Juice from concentrate was no substitute. 
	Dr. Greek got up from his desk. Ordinarily in this mood he'd sit to grade papers—that always made the time disappear. He thought perhaps he'd go out to a pool hall or a bowling alley. He didn't really care for either, but he'd grown accustomed to them. You hung around and drank beer, said what you needed for polite decorum and then zoned on some arbitrarily decided rules regarding circular objects. Dr. Greek really hadn't much skill in sports requiring fine motor control and frequently embarrassed himself but it was the only way he could mingle. He now looked back at those boring faculty parties with regret. But it was something to do when the mind recoiled from reading. So Dr. Greek went to the local alley, bowled three games without scoring over 100, and returned to see if his simple scheme had worked.
	


The Land of the Living

	The info on the cookie was quite limited. It latched onto the computer at 10:47 pm. It was erased at exactly midnight. The time made him thing some program automatically deleted it come midnight. Under the circumstances there was only at. A private page of a one Orpheus music school in Kavala Greece.
	A determination came over Dr. Greek, and left him feeling Kavala was the only place to go to, even though he'd be flying to a foreign country with no money. This determination was fed by the intuition that if he did not act he would never leave the library. 
	The sun rose and fell at twice its speed, traveling from Minnesota to New York to Lisbon to Greece. Even precision engineered engines and burnt jet fuel couldn’t change the featurelessness of the unending Atlantic. Dr. Greek attempted to remain awake to watch the Mediterranean from above, but the new speed of the sun left him fast asleep. He awoke to more water, guessing he’d passed over Italy. 
	It’d been a long time since he’d experienced the jet lag of international travel. His body was convinced it should be night time, completely ignoring his eyes. In any case, he couldn’t sleep. He wasn’t coming into the country with much money, and while he could teach, and do that insipid academic forgery, there was no guarantee it would last. Moreover, he didn’t know what to expect at the music school. 
	What if HADES had nothing to do with the school? He would just show up and have no way to get back to the States… though he wondered how much that mattered. Over the past few weeks he’d begun to refer to the US as the “land of numbers”. He’d lived briefly in a world power center, and everything revolved around some number or another. Budgets, earnings reports, congressional votes, statistics and securities. That’s what made the world go round. 
	And of course, most people are terrible at math. The math education in the states, as he remembered from his grade school years, seemed designed to maintain a group of number-haves and number-have-nots. Understanding this situation of course made conspiracy hacks a bit obnoxious, when they made big deals about government cover ups but not able enough to follow the money. In any case there was a hope for Greece to be different, where there wasn’t an obsession only for things that were new. To be able to traverse the country and know in any given direction there might be two thousand year remains made the country a tad different. It would be nice to live there even he hadn’t come with an objective.
	Of course he did have a job to do. He needed to find out what might be going on in the school. He had vague notions of trying to join the staff somehow, though he doubted the school needed an independent English teacher, or any other position. Besides, obtaining any hidden thing or information from legitimate trust between two people might take years, and he didn’t have that time. Lying would do the job much better.
	And what better way to go about things then to pretend to be an agent of HADES? He had packed a suit, all he really needed was tinted sunglasses. If the school had agents that went there regularly in the conspiracy uniform he shouldn’t have any trouble fooling anyone, at least until he had to open his mouth. 
	That would be the fun part. 
“Anything unusual happen around here?” 
“What do you mean unusual?”
“You know different.”
“Different? How?
How knew any chance to impersonate HADES he had would be in his ability to get his targets to open up freely so he could try to elaborate and embellish what he’d already heard.
So simple. Just walk in like nothing was unusual, no matter how many glares from kids and looks from teachers, and people might just conclude his presence was nothing unusual. He didn’t know how long he could maintain the lifeless expression of an agent. He worried some muscle only an anatomist could name would contract at just the wrong moment. But there was nothing he could do to prepare for that. He could only lie down and try to anticipate questions and answers. He quickly fell back asleep. 

Everything was fine until Dr. Greek took his first step into the school. He practiced his expression, worked on Q and A, listened to the local accent in Kavala’s open air cafes. Then he was in the school, and he realized the million things that could go wrong. 
First, he had no idea about the school lay out. He was intending to look like he belonged, but there was a fair chance he might have to ask for the location of offices. He didn’t know how fast he should walk. Brisque meant urgent, but too fast indicated fear. 
And how many children’s faces could he stand to look at without expression? Remain emotionless in front of gaping youngsters? Children were always been more difficult to ignore than adults. Their demeanor begged at least for reaction if not attention. Avoid eye contact, he thought. Don't engage. Maybe he might make it to the office without too much disturbance if he made himself seem impenetrably in the adult world. 
As he entered the building his appearance led him to be helped immediately. The simple response “government business” seem to get him a spot right in front of the administrator's office. He wondered if that would necessarily the best thing. After so much struggle to find HADES it seemed that if any attempt wasn't an ordeal, an information gleaned would not be worth knowing. 
Dr. Greek hadn't needed to think to long on this point, after a girl was led to sit next to him, no doubt to see the administrator after him. At first, the girl looked dejected and miserable, he was worry he might have to bear being seated next to a crying child. But the expression was just a game. The girl became greatly animated as soon as she was left in the room without school officials.
“Hey mister,” she came to him, without being elicited at all. “Why do archaeologists love rocks?”
Dr. Greek assumed the girl had made some conclusion based on his dress and so followed along.
“Archaeologists don't really care about rocks, they care about the old things that people used to use. Artifacts.”
“Achaeologists don't really care about rocks, they care about the old things that people used to use. Artifacts.” the brat mimicked. Dr. Greek was now acutely aware that to everyone around him would perceive an accent in his voice. It was fortunate that he'd sound like an Athenian when talking to school officials, but for now he had to avoid turning red faced at this little girl. 
“If you look closely at artifacts, they can tell you how people used to live.”
“How did people play music?”
Dr. Greek glanced around the room just a bit, and no one was watching. It seemed a natural thing for a child of a music school to ask, and it was easy for him to go on quite a bit about ancient Greek instruments.
“And what songs did they play?”
He looked down at this little girl. Her eyes had the same look he recalled of a woman he'd defended his thesis in front of. 
“The old songs have been forgotten.”
“But then how do they know the instruments?”
“Well the instruments survive longer. You've got to write a song down, and paper disappears quicker.”
“But couldn't people teach each other the songs. Why do they need to be written down?”
Dr. Greek didn't quite know how he'd been lured into this. This problem with oral storytelling and hard document copies was exactly the thing that had caused so much fuss in his life. It bothered him a little as a teacher not to be able to answer her question, but he worried if she'd damaged too much of his composure for his charade to continue. 
“I don't know.” he answered. The girl seemed to like the response and smiled. Then she started whistling loudly. The range of pitch and punchy rhythm indicated solid practice, most likely in class. He knew with this ruckus he wouldn't be able to concentrate, so he tried to identify the tune. 
The girl was whistling softly at first, so this proved difficult. Then the whistling grew louder and he felt like he had heard it before, but he wasn't sure. The girl kept getting louder and louder like she wanted him to guess the tune. Soon she was terribly out of breath. Dr. Greek looked over at her, confused. 
Then the administrator walked in the door and looked down for two seconds. “You're a patient man. Have you not grown weary of Cora trying to drive you crazy?”
“Kids are kids.”
“You must have some of your own.” He responded, chuckling. Cora's antics had caught his target off guard, creating a great first impression.
“May we step in your office? The situation is delicate.”
“Certainly, I must say I didn't expect such a quick response. The government is usually a little less responsive and strapped for cash.”
“Well, this is an urgent issue for us.”
“Oh? Then I'm sure you'd like to see it.”
“Yes. Please.”
“Left me get it out of the safe. The administrator bent over his desk and fiddled with the combination. He pulled out an old wooden lyre, the wood falling apart and with only three strings left. “When I called your office I couldn't tell if it was a more recent addition in bad shape or in remarkable condition for a particularly ancient find.”
Dr. Greek looked at it rather carefully. He wasn't an archaeologist and didn't know the first damn thing about how wood might age. But he insisted it only gently be touched and maintained a sharp focus on one the wood's minor blemishes.
“As you can you from the...” the administrator began.
“Shh.” 
“Oh I'm sorry.”
“This is an intriguing find. Worthwhile for acquisition. Where might I send an invoice?”
“Invoice?” The administrator looked a tad confused. Dr. Greek had obviously not impersonated procedure. There wasn't any way of explaining out of it, right off the top of his head.
“You know, an invoice.”
“Oh... is that how your department does it?” The administrator fiddled with some papers on his desk until he got a small information street. He circled his address. We can talk here, maybe?”
“Excellent. Everything is in order. I must ask, how was it found?”
“By the nuisance you met outside my door. Little Cora—The class goes off to visit a cave and guess who just happens to run off. Big surprise. We spend half the day looking for her. Lucky that thing still has a few strings, we found her playing music.”
“It still plays. Most fortunate.”
“There's um...”
 “Thank you for your time.” Dr. Greek walked out the door.  With a sudden dash back to her seat it was obvious Cora had been eavesdropping.
“Hey, you came to take my lyre. No fair! No fair!” she began screaming. It was odd. She seemed to old to be having temper tantrums. Dr. Greek walked out and pretended to close the door. Suddenly Cora stopped making any fuss whatsoever, like everything was an act. .
In any case, now Dr. Greek was stuck trying to figure out how to carry his new ancient lyre around the streets without much notice. He didn't really expect a clunky ancient artifact so he'd only brought a brief case. He didn't feel particularly hot about leaving it at a hotel either, the help perhaps thinking to pick it up. There was a hotel safe, but he didn't think he could leave it alone with someone else. Besides, at his savings he needed a dwelling space cheap enough that a hotel safe wouldn't be a luxury.
He ended up bartering for a rather stretched blanket from a street vendor which he wrapped around the lyre. There he inquired about a hostel or other cheap accommodations for traveling Americans. His previous study of travel literature gave him a fair idea as to how to follow the directions he was given. 
The lyre and his brief case began to grow heavy. His suit was stuffy and uncomfortable. He put his things down to find a place to sit and was rudely bumped. He thought nothing of it for a little while, only to note it was strange for the offending party to not trip over his things, which was a relief. 
He tried to collect his thoughts. This lyre was from HADES alright. An ancient lyre in a cave in Thrace? Dr. Greek had been trying to connect dots for months, this seemed a tad obvious. Could it have some special property? It didn't look particularly special. But someone had led him here. It seemed his tracking cookie had performed its duties. It brought him to this place. It hadn't brought him here unannounced.
A fat old Greek lady came be to sit where Dr. Greek was sitting.
“American?” she asked.
“Excellent. I run some accommodations for travelers. So few Americans come here... they only want to look at the famous stuff, or take some adventures in all of Greece's little isles. I'd love to put you up for a few nights, though if you're a businessman looking for upscale...”
“No, I'm fine. What are your rates?” Dr. Greece went to check his wallet. He wanted to calculate how long he might last before picking up the independent plagarized papers business again. Only his wallet wasn't there.”
“Is there something wrong?”
“No. Umm...” he checked his pockets. His passport had been in the brief case, but in his hurry he'd left his wallet in an outer pocket. “I'm just tired from walking all day. Actually I'm a professor on sabbatical. I prefer to live where I'm staying, if you understand.”
“Yes, I understand. A professor you say? I suppose that's why you sound like such a high Athenian. You must come and stay at my hostel. Travelers always love company. A run a cafe as well. If you would consider giving lessons I might be able to put you up for free.”
“That's quite kind of you, though I'd like to give some recompense,” he lied. His prospects seemed to be a free stay and trying to sell the very thing he'd come to seek in the first place. He just didn't want the woman to know he was penniless. 
“Don't concern yourself too much.”
“Thank you for your generosity,” he responded. He could not believe he had been so careless. He checked his pockets again and found only a business card, blank on one side. You have something which does not belong to you, it read.

Dr. Greek found his new lodging much to his liking. Travelers from east and southern Europe seemed to come and go with unusual tales and exotic locales. From the 16 year old French run away to the 51 year old Syrian refuge people come and went, often quite interested in a life Dr. Greek himself found generally uninteresting. But people wanted him to tell the tale and listened with interest—something a tad overwhelming to a professor of college freshman. It was an enjoying experience, a least superficially, but what really concerned him all this time was the lyre.
So while Dr. Greek rested and remembered real meals and conversations that made him feel like a person he also spent a great time scheming about his new artifact, and fretting about who, exactly, might be keeping in an eye out for him. It seemed odd that someone would wait to let him walk out the school with this priceless object and keep it on his person without approaching him in any way. Almost as if he had been an unwitting smuggler, who makes it across borders without knowing he is abetting anything.
Now Dr. Greek considered looking up some of the names of the antiquities dealers he had read about in the papers, but he was convinced he could never get them to take him seriously. The government would like to abscond it with only a modest procurement on a good day and a deportation on another. Really his only trace for information was Cora. She'd found the thing. Perhaps there were details from its resting place she could recall, some important piece of information. 

It wasn't with the greatest air of confidence that Dr. Greek observed Cora, waiting for her to leave school like a stalker. But he had no ill intent, he reminded himself, so it shouldn't have mattered how his actions might appear to anyone else. 
Cora was not easy to track. She had a tendency to bob and weave as if always anxious to get home. If she were the behavior problems child she seemed to be Dr. Greek imagined she loved playing music at home and merely hated school. In any case she had several routes home from school and seemed to take them at her whimsy. There was little practical way to cut her off, except near her home, which, after this whole embarrassing before seemed like a risk worth taking. 
The sun was beating hard and Dr. Greek couldn't help feeling a tad conspicuous waiting around in a three piece suit and reflective shades in Kavala's narrow streets. There weren't many places to hide. At last Cora approached her house and Dr. Greek moved towards her with obvious interest. Then she spotted him and now the game seemed up. She would know he was following her if he just happened to approach her twice, and frustratingly after acknowledging his presence she kept going towards her house. Dr. Greek had to pursue. 
He went after her with as much gusto as not to seem suspicious, but Cora was running, not in apparent fear, but likely she was just impatient to get home. Dr. Greek followed her but she made it into her small dwelling place and closed the door before he could initiate conversation. If there were some adult on the other end of the door, it seemed he would have to try the secret government agency hook that worked so well at the school. 
He knocked, and hoped Cora would answer, but the door was answered by a Greek woman. Her black hair was thick and her skin almost burnished. There hadn't been many Mediterranean women and Minnesota and he couldn't help loose composure as he looked over her body, which was in evening ware.
“Yes?” she responded.
“If you wouldn't mind I'd like to talk to your daughter. She found an important artifact and my agency would like me to follow up on her discovery.”
“And what agency might that be?” the woman asked bluntly.
“Is she here? It's quite important that I talk to her.”
“Which agency sent you on this inquiry?” the woman wouldn't budge on this point.
“There's been talk of grave-robbing and artifact smuggling and if I could only.”
“You a deaf one. What agency are you working for?”
The phrase HADES almost passed through his lips.
“Fine. I don't work with an agency.”
“But,” the woman continued, “You have the lyre. However did you manage that?”
“Well,” he looked into the woman's dark eyes. “The administrator I saw didn't know a damn thing about it. You obviously do. Now that I think of it, I only wished to talk to your daughter because she was the only one that seemed to know anything. I needn't trick the pair of you if we might have a chat.”
“What do want to talk about professor? Make it quick. No time for lying.”
“Professor? I... this sounds stupid... does the lyre belong in this world?”
“Come in,” the woman beckoned. “My name's Electra, database programmer extraordinaire. “
“A computer programmer in this little provincial city?”
“It does grant me a certain degree of anonymity.”
“How did you know I was a professor? I mean, have you hacked my email or something?”
“No, didn't really need anything digital to find that out. A traveler just pick pocketed finds free accommodations rather than beg on the streets.”
“You set me up.”
“Yes.”
“You're the one that sent me the essay.”
“Hmm. You're perceptive when you're paying attention.”
“Why did you do it?”
“You can't trust anyone in this business. Bringing in an innocent...”
“You didn't want to take the lyre out yourself.”
“I thought it was under surveillance. But I seem to be mistaken.”
Then Dr. Greek pulled out his business card. You have something that does not belong to you. HADES.
“Son of a bitch,” Electra responded. “Here. Cora, Dr. Greek brought you your lute back.  Play it,” she looked down as if ready to scold, “for a few minutes.”
Within moments of her plucking the strings Electra and Greek fell into a deep sorrow and began weeping. The embraced and tried to comfort each other, but they were both inconsolable against some sense of universal despair.
“You can stop...” Electra tried being cross with her daughter, “any time now.” Cora had   an impish little grin. It seemed to suit her fancy to play when she wanted and stop just as easily.
“It's Orpheus' lyre,” Dr. Greek responded.
“That was my sentiment as well.”
“It's the closest thing any human has ever used to bring back someone from the land of the dead. But nothing escapes the land of the dead.”
“You're a hacker too, aren't you?”
“You're a computer hacker?”
“Oh, I thought you had guessed. Yes, I'm a hacker.”
“Why would you assume me a hacker? A tracking cookie? You think that was a brilliant idea.”
“Yeah, I saw the tracking cookie. It was too simple. I thought you might be baiting me, she I responded in turn. 'Nothing escapes the land of the dead' is occasionally used in my hacker circles to indicate something of major importance.”
“Like what?”
“Generally a high security database being compromised. It's usually a wonderful phrase to hear, since after all I can program information retrieval programs for databases. It usually indicates a field day.”
“So, a database, like some vault where information, supposedly hidden, cracks open. It's not impenetrable...”
“Basically.”
“Nothing escapes the land of the dead. So the database, while hidden, still remains a part of the land of the living.”
“That's the meaning behind the phrase. The information is no longer underground. I imagine anyone ruling the land of the dead, would not enjoy having the lyre of Orpheus in circulation amongst the land of the living.”
“No, and yet it lay in a cave, still waiting to be discovered. That thing should have been deep in the bowels of Hades. Maybe someone brought it back up.”
“The library...” Electra mumbled and turned to look in a different direction.
“Library? What library?”
“You're familiar with the Nag Hammadi Library?”
“Of course. I'm a scholar.”
“As you know, a large number of Gnostic texts were found there. Gnostic Christianity was a religion ordered to be destroyed by champions of Orthodoxy. An entire system of beliefs, wiped clean, or almost. There's been a leak on the Internet. Classified documents, encrypted servers, all the tangible evidence of a secret society that the discovery was not an accident, and that the existence of the documents was known well before their 'discovery' in 1945. But the crisis of modern Christianity is well over.”
“What crisis would that be?”
“We hold things to be true without them having to be divinely revealed. We accept empiricism as a path to knowledge. What would there really be to gain by revealing these documents, in such a way that scholars would understand, but the general religious public would ignore. And why 1945?”
“I couldn't answer that. But maybe we could think back to the lyre, waiting in the ground for someone to bring it back to the surface. What, buried in the earth, returns, rather than forever joining the land of the dead?”
“What?”
“Seeds.”
“Right. A library is a seed, a seed of knowledge that could be.”
“But what might this seed be sprouting? Knowledge? Reality?”
“Hmm... the birth of reality; the death of reality. The rebirth of reality.”
“What does that even mean?”
“I don't know but look, the Gnostic texts weren't real for so long the idea they'd been erased was lost from memory. An idea not even worth the time disproving. But then these texts came along. Texts that couldn't be. Isn't that discovery, in its purest? Things that can't be are?”
“But I still don't understand the logic. What made these impossible things necessary?”
“I don't know, and maybe it's something we can't know. Do you really understand what people would have believed, on the eve of World War II?”
“I suppose not.”
“Then I guess we can't know why the texts might have been necessary. But they were, right.”
“The evidence is snowballing in that direction. This has given me a great deal to think about. Won't you stay doctor? I have a couch.”

Cora’s Game


	Dr. Greek rolled over on his stiff couch without remembering having ever slept so soundly. He would have thought, given all the confusion, both intellectually and emotionally would have had him shifting all night. But this was not the case at all, this strange woman’s house felt like home. 
	It was true that he’d not been with a woman for some time, and he really hadn’t had the feeling that anyone he knew was actually a friend. His relationships had been marked by distance—the distance that always grew when he ignored the need for company for something he’d always felt he was on the verge of receiving: an understanding of something, something that always seemed to require more study, more analysis, like trying to escape a labyrinth whose next corner always promised but never delivered. 
	It was a Saturday morning and all was calm. Some delivered food on the table was testimony of Electra’s lack of kitchen skills. When Dr. Greek finally woke up he saw them eating, already in their swim wear. His heart murmured at the thought of his body in the Aegean once more. 
	Electra looked over at him, “I’ve been teaching Cora to swim. You will join us won’t you?”
	“Certainly,” he smiled, “I’ll have to shop for a bathing suit.”
	Electra giggled at him. “You doctors. You speak about the birth of reality, yet you travel all the way to a Greek coast and don’t pack a swim suit.”
	They went down to a shop and Dr. Greek pulled the first thing off the rack, a bluish green number. Electra looked over at him disapprovingly. “You have no taste. Brown is more your color.” He didn’t argue the point, paid for the suit and changed, ready to go to the ocean. The smell of the salt was just as he’d remembered. He could have never described it, but as soon as it hit his nostrils, he knew it. He ran in to remember that caustic feeling of salt in the eyes. 
	“Wait up!” Cora yelled, matching his pace but stopping short of where he was.
	“She’s still learning Dr. Greek.”
	“Can you hold your breath underwater Cora?”
	“Sure I can.”
	“This time I was going to let her go out farther than her height. She still pushes off the bottom sometimes. Go on Cora!”
	She swam over to Dr. Greek, and then flipped over on her back, staring at him intently. The glare of her eyes was a tad fierce.
	“Just hold onto her waist while she kicks.” Electra instructed.
	Dr. Greek maneuvered Cora back onto her stomach and let her kick, chucking seawater everywhere.
	“Keep your legs underwater Cora. You won’t get tired so quickly.”
	Dr. Greek held on as she thrashed. He smiled. This must be what fun is, he thought to himself. He looked back over at Electra, who inexplicably flinched. He watched her face turn from delight to terror. Dr. Greek’s first reaction was to guess something was wrong with Cora, but she was kicking away. No, her concern was something below Cora, a series of slimy bubbles. 
	“Man of War,” Electra pleaded. Dr. Greek looked down. They were everywhere. Dr. Greek lifted Cora up out of the water and froze.
	“Put me down!” Cora protested.
	“Be quiet. The water’s not safe.”
	“Electra what am I supposed to do? Will they sting me if I try to run?”
	Electra didn’t say it, but her face was stern. Don’t you dare! 
	“Shiny!” Cora exclaimed. Dr. Greek looked down. The jellyfish were glowing sometimes like a light, other times like a rainbow. They were coming in droves. Again, he was confronted with something that should not be, only this time they were dangerous and sinister. They appeared, for the moment, to be uninterested in him. 
	This was related to Atlantis, related to the lyre, but he couldn’t explain how or why. It was a rebellion. Electra, who had turned around, exclaimed, “They’re heading for shore!” Dr. Greek who had been so intent on holding on to Cora glanced over and saw a rainbow muck on the sands. The people who had tried to flee were rolling up on shore, thrashing around as if some force were binding their limbs for which they could not escape. 
	Cora screamed from the sounds of distress. 
	“Be quiet child. The jellyfish aren’t angry with us, just those people on the shore,” Dr. Greek reassured her. It was bullshit; he had no idea what was going on. 
	“Why would they be mad?” she asked innocently.
	“I’m not sure. Just stay still and quiet so they don’t get mad at you.”
	Wave after wave of rainbow terror floated on by. Then a metallic stench seemed to fill the air, slow at first until it reeked of bitter metal.
	“Ewww,” Cora said.
	Dr. Greek looked over, and the goo accumulating on shore both glittered like a rainbow and had the blinding glare of direct sunlight. The situation grew worse minute after minute, as more jellyfish brushed past his leg, and the glitter and glare intensified.
	“They’re so pretty. Why would they want to hurt anybody?”
	“I don’t know. Sometimes adults don’t have all the answers,” he answered tensely, his arms more and more strained, his confusion leaving him almost paralyzed except in his will to hold Cora above the water.
	As five, six, seven minutes past, he at least comforted himself in knowing the situation wasn’t changing—well at least not getting worse. The glare from the beach and the smell in the air made him reach one conclusion. It was mercury. Well not mercury, but a liquid metal. The jellyfish seemed to be fleeing, an exodus, a literal march to shore guided by an unknown force. Dr. Greek, Electra, and Cora did not seem to be impeding this flow and their stillness seemed to offer some protection. 
	But it was only the kind of protection darkness and silence can provide: profound yet fragile, waiting for one stinging tentacle to pierce it. But the piercing never came. The last of the jellyfish waded by. Certain he could let Cora down he let her back into the water. She responded by swimming swiftly to her mother before Dr. Greek could get a hold of her, but fortunately the march had gone by her as well. 
	Electra had been in shallow enough water to leave Cora on her own and flung her arms around Dr. Greek. “Thank you for saving my daughter.”
	Dr. Greek looked over at the shore, where the emergency vehicles appeared, including a hazardous materials squad. “I don’t think it’s over yet. Turn around. They’re going to want to know why we weren’t affected.” 

The Collapse of the Tower of Words

	Dr. Greek hadn't been aware of the extent of the damages until seeing the legion of vehicles previously obscured by the blinding glare of sun pounding on dead mercurial jellyfish. A few people were being stuffed into ambulances on stretchers, but it seemed even from the distance, that most were being carried out in body bags. The shining littered corpses were being put into bags by men in hazmat suits
	Cora swam straight to her mother, Dr. Greek followed closely behind. Electra picked her up and made haste to the shore. She put Cora down and started sobbing. Dr. Greek sat down next to her and put his hand on her shoulder. She collapsed on his lap. "You saved her." she looked up at him, gazing straight into his eyes.
	"I just kept my calm. If I'd have panicked..."
	"No. I think you were too far out to see it but there were offer people who froze. They were stung as well. The only other people that made it were the ones that ran at the first sign of trouble. I don't know what you did to stop them."
	"What I did? I'm clueless. They just seemed uninterested in me."
	"But they might have been interested in Cora, if you hadn't have held her up like you did."
	"It was the only thing I could think of."
	"Regardless, she's alive. You protected her. Just like I'm sure something was protecting you."
	"Protecting me?"
	"By your own account you come here under a pretext of pure chance, a gamble, a long shot. As soon as you make that decision you find the lyre. Now this. I don't think these events are accidents Jonathon."
	"The three of you!" barked a man in some sort of medical uniform. "We need to take you to facilities to make sure the three of you haven't been contaminated. Come with me."
	Electra looked over at Dr. Greek before getting up and walking over to the man. "Come Cora. The jellyfish were dangerous and the doctors are going to look as over." Cora obediently followed, seeming now to grasp the situation fully. Dr. Greek stumbled a bit to his feet and followed a few steps behind. The trio were lead to three different vehicles. It seemed unusual to split them so that each of them would be in a different car, but it seemed like it might be a quarantine procedure so Dr. Greek went with little struggle.
	As Dr. Greek got into the ambulance had noted a lack of light and a seeming scarcity of medical supplies. The latter he could easily understand because of the provincial towns lack of resources, but the former was unsettling. Why would an ambulance be dimly lit when its crew would want for light?
	The ambulance ride was an hour and a half long--rocky and uncomfortable. The ambulance must have been transported to a far bigger facility than one to be found in an obscure Greek province. After the ambulance stopped there was over twenty minutes of waiting. Greek hospitals didn't seem to be any improvement over American hospitals in this prospect--perhaps even better. 
	The doors opened with a group of men with a stretcher in tow. Dr. Greek entered the ambulance of his own accord but the officials seemed intent on taking him out on a strecher. The facility they entered bore little resemblance to an American hospital, which had wings and long corridors flanked by rooms. The design here seemed to be more to confuse people as to where they were in the building, but at last Dr. Greek was brought into a room with a small female doctor. She had a Russian accent. The ambulance may have taken out of Greece. 
	The woman, whoever she was, had a sing-sing voice and a disarming demeanor, though her eyes were sunken and cheekbones angular and hard. 
	"Do you have any medical conditions I should know of? Heart condition, cancer, diabetes, anything that might seem important?" she asked.
	"No I don't have a medical condition."
	"I know this must be embarassing doctor, but have you ever been diagnosed with mental illness? Has there been a history in your family? Greek law holds this information strictly confidential."
	"No. Doctor."
	"Please, call me Anna."
	"No. Anna."
	Anna pulled out a stethoscope and a cloth of some kind, then pulled a surgical mask of some kind over her head.
	"Breathe deep." she instructed, moving the stethoscope across his lungs and he inhaled and exhaled.
	"What were those creatures Anna? Did they tell you about them or are you just here to give me an examination?"
	"I'm going to need you to cough on this tissue."
	Dr. Greek obliged.
	"I haven't received an official report, but there have been things I've been told. I wouldn't be able to examine you properly otherwise. But you were there. What were the creatures like?"
	"They gave off a light off some kind, I could see it even through the waves."
	"What did they feel like? Did they touch you?"
	"I wasn't stung. They went right on by. They were all moving like a herd, like they were on some sort of exodus. There were so many of them that one would expect some scattering. But they seemed to be on a march of some kind."
	"A march? If you'll excuse me I have to draw some blood." She stuck Dr. Greek and filled three vials for further examination. Anna pressed a button on the intercom requesting assistance to remove the vials for testing. "Where were they marching to?"
	"The shore. They all went to the shore like they were marching to their deaths."
	"But what living thing marches to its death without some provocation? Some end goal?"
	"I'm just as confused about it as you as. The thing I did note was the smell. This wrenching metallic smell.  If I had to guess they might have been exposed to some nerve toxin. Some kind of industrial pollutant?"
	"I understand that many of the beach goers were physically attacked, but they ignored you."
	"I think the people who got attacked just panicked. I froze, so I think they just slid on by."	
	"No one else in the water made it out alive. Just you, the woman, and her daughter. There was something more than keeping still Doctor. Perhaps you had something on your skin? Perhaps there are some herbal treatments from America..."
	"No, I just had on normal sunscreen."
	"Then it must be something else. Those jellyfish were deadly doctor. We need to understand why you remained unharmed."
	"Have there been attacks like this in other areas?"
	"We have reason to believe there might be." The doctor turned her back to retrieve something. "Is there anything you can think of that would set you apart from the others?" she turned around with two needles. Her lips were drawn in tightly.
	"I can't think of anything?"
	"Anything?" she asked, then pushed one of the needles into the same spot she'd been drawing blood. Dr. Greek felt like sandpaper was scrubbing the inside of his arm.
	"It's poison." Anna stated, her cheery voice loosing all its flavor. An enzyme that rapidly breaks down the muscles, eventually destroying the heart. You've not been honest with me doctor. Be honest with me and I'll give you the antidote.
	The scraping was moving up his arms. "There is something different but I don't see how it could be connected!" he panicked. It came out as a reflex when this disarming nurse suddenly transformed into an angel of death. Anna pushed the antidote into his veins.
	"The antidote is not complete of course. Your muscles will feel numb for some time. You'll be able to move but with little strength. Small as I am I'll be able to wipe the floor with you, but I take pride in avoiding physical violence during interrogation. I regret having to inform you that I am an interrogator."
	"For who?"
	"Come now Doctor. You are either playing dumb, or not applying your faculties."
	"HADES. The lyre. I can give it back. Not an issue."
	"How did you find it?"
	"It was in a cave."
	"How did you know it would be there?"
	"It's not a wild leap when one considers the circumstances. If you're here to retrieve the lyre, you must obviously know its ability to make its listeners weep. It's the lyre of Orpheus. Doesn't it all make sense? Look, if HADES is associated with the Greek underworld Hades then everything fits into place. Orpheus is from Thrace, where Kavala now stands. Orpheus used the lyre to bring back his lover Eurydice in the story. But he made an error and Eurydice was lost to him forever. 
	"Now Hades never gives up what he takes. Nothing that is dead ever returns to the living. So HADES wants to make sure the lyre is hidden forever. Is that it? Look, there must be some other place you can hide that thing. I don't know how long it had been successfully hidden there, but you can find somewhere else."
	"Why is it that you sought the lyre to begin with? You're an American. Your work visa is new. Why are you in Greece?"
	"I've yet to figure that out."
	At this moment, a man in a suit came to interrupt the proceedings. "That's enough for the moment. You're being relieved. HADES, Athens Lieutenant Special Forces."
	"What's Athens interest in all this?"
	"Ask your counterpart in Moscow. That is if you'll get an audience. You're just a rank and file interrogator. It's likely Moscow is just looking to lock down a breech. Athens has more important plans."
	"A breech?" Dr. Greek asked.
	"Leave us Anna."
	"Sir." she saluted the man and walked out the door.
	"Good cop. Bad cop."
	"Huh? Oh the American expression. No, I do not come to interrogate you. I've come to check on your progress. And give you as much aid as I am authorized."
	"What's a breech?"
	"Just an incident where things happen that shouldn't. HADES takes some pains to sweep these instances under the rug or have them dismissed. I'm sure that was my colleague was engaged in. But it is important that this event linger for you."
	"I was supposed to see it?"
	"I'm not at liberty to explain. Let's just say you were given a set of choices that could lead you to it—with the result that you arrived. That is all."
	"Why should I be given that set of choices over someone else?"
	"That is something I genuinely don't know. That is not my rank.
	"Is HADES a military organization?"
	"Again I must be vague in order to be accurate. HADES is a common name for my organization. It speaks to an aspect of your culture."
	"What is that aspect?"
	"Its religious-secular split."
	"Hmm..."
	"No doubt you have some understanding. A secular government is more efficient. Science demands there be no exception to its laws. No pesky unexpected variables for its architects, engineers, and financiers. But human beings need wisdom, imagination, transcendence, and heroes. So it turns to religion. Either to God or to the secular faiths of recent times. HADES can be viewed both as the underworld and a human shadow organization—of which it is both. It is the land of the dead and human agents in the material world conducting its business."
	"What does it want with me?"
	"You were given a set of choices to lead you here. I will present you with another."
	"What's going to happen to Electra and Cora?"
	"I'm not supposed to say, but I see you cannot make the next set of choices clearly without receiving assurance that they will be ok, and that you will see them again."
	"I know I just met them, but I feel like I've been waiting for them for some time."
	"Yes. But you must forget them for now. This is something you must do alone."
	"What?"
	"Allow me to note the contradiction. The human form is limited. It needs guides to wisdom. Yet that very wisdom can only come from within. You no doubt are familiar with the Delphic Oracles of Greece."
	"The Priestesses of Apollo, the god of prophecy. The kings of Greece would consult them while making decisions. But their advice was notoriously cryptic. They let the seeker of the prophecy fill in the blanks."
	"Excellent analysis. They went into a trance. Modern scholars are still unsure the method." The man pulled out a vial. "This is their secret. They called it the blood of Apollo."
	"What drug is it?"
	"The nature of the substance is unimportant. Will you take it?"
	"What will it do to me?"
	"The prophets only give their clients what they need to know. You have to make a choice to take it, not knowing what it will give you."
	Dr. Greek looked down. He took the vial. The liquid was a yellow murk, but he strained his eyes to see it more clearly and his winced at a hidden brightness. It sparkled deeply somehow, though its yellow hue seemed as opaque as an abyss. He downed it fast like terrible vodka. 
	"Try to relax doctor. You must be open to the experience."
	"So what do I do? Stare at the ceiling until it moves?"
	"You could dance yourself into a swoon for all I care, though it might not be such a good idea with muscle consuming toxin still in your veins."
	Dr. Greek wove his fingers together, lifted his arms above his head and cracked his knuckles. Then he let his arms untense. It was what he did late at night to relax when the grading seemed to be without end. 
	He heard a woman speaking to him in a rather odd dialect of Greek. He had some difficulty with her pronunciation, but as he concentrated he began to hear a great deal of antiquated words. It wasn't modern Greek. It was a higher pitch but even. There was no quick chipper, the words seemed to stretch out, like a lover speaking to her beloved.
	"Let me give you a tour of the library." He finally made out. "My name is Lydia."
	"Dr. Greek."
	"You're from Greece? The land of Alexander?"
	"No, I'm from America, but I studied in Greece."
	"America? I've not heard of such a land. But there are men from many lands of which I know little. Perhaps tonight you might tell me something about it?"
	"I don't know how long I'll be here."
	"Oh, then all the more important." She took her hand in his. He'd never felt such smoothness. "But first let me show you the library."
	"Are you a librarian?"
	She giggled. "No, I'm one of the library's ambassadors. I'm here to make those of foreign lands welcome in this place.
	Lydia's appearance was slowly becoming more vivid. She more a long linen robe, around which she had a purple sash. Something seemed significant about the sash, but he couldn't place it. He let her smooth hand guide him into the library. But there were no books. The library was several floors high, with slots for scrolls.
	"What kind of library is this?"
	"The finest in world," Lydia replied, with great pride. I do not mean to insult your homeland of course, but I doubt it has a greater depository of scholarship than Alexandria. That is no doubt why you are here."
	"The Library of Alexandria!" Dr. Greek exclaimed.
	"Please be courteous of our other scholars and restrain your voice. You speak as if you don't know where you are. You came to the city of Alexander the liberator for its library did you not?"
	"Of course, but then, I should expect a male ambassador."
	"Do not be insulted. I'm certain, if you come from such a far off land as America you have business of extended time. I'm certain you will have many conversations with many learned men. But in this city we also have some fine learned women. If you should desire their company..."
	"Oh."
	"You sound disappointed."
	"No. No. You just don't strike me as a..."
	"I do not know your American customs. But a woman's company is nothing to be ashamed of here. Many men confess to me they grew tired of women without education."
	"Then as an educated woman you can show me the library?"
	"Yes. You are familiar with the Greek script no doubt. Are you familiar with any other. Does America have its own script?"
	"It does, though I doubt you'd find it here."
	"Oh, Doctor Greek, this is a library! If it can be found anywhere, it can be found here. Is the American script pictorial, character based, or alphabetic?"
	"It's alphabetic."
	"And its material? We Egyptians have a reed called papyrus. It is highly compact and can be easily compiled. Though I'm sure you can gather that by wandering the library."
	"We have paper."
	"Perhaps an exchange can be made? We have an acquistions department. Is there any knowledge your kingdom would greatly value? We can supply it."
	"I'm here to explore, but I'm sure your library has a particular something I've been looking for. Something I won't find anywhere else."
	"What is this particular something?"
	"It's about a structure. Something of great height. Something that fell. In my land we are building something. Something quite tall. I had heard of a story of something of great height collapsing. I'm hoping to learn why."
	"Is this a pyramid? We have many texts on geometry if that would assist. Then there is our Egyptian heritage of pyramids."
	"Buildings that will remain long after humanity has passed?"
	"Man fears time and time fears pyramids they say. If it's a pyramid you're worried about they don't collapse. It's easy enough to note that the base is wider than the top. But there's something more. If the angle is too sharp, too ambitious, the builders can see that before the construction is finished and moderate the angle. Only kings and architects notice."
	"That's interesting," he responded. Lydia was becoming more physical. It was still difficult to make out the features of her face but the curves of her body were becoming more apparent. So too was the saturation of papyrus coming from a structure without central ventilation. "But this structure is vertical. It has to be of proper conception. I've heard of another story."
	"There is one I can think of, but it's not in Greek script. It's an older alphabet before the Greeks"
	"Phoenician?"
	"Yes. That's the term. You are familiar with it?"
	"It's the first alphabet."
	"There are older writing systems, but it is a pure alphabet. The idea to have an entirely alphabetic system is quite radical, though I'm sure you're used to reading Greek. You can write down any language from the sounds it makes. But you have to be able to speak the language in order to read it. Not so with our hieroglyphs. You don't need to know the old Egyptian. I can get one of our scribes to fetch it for you." she suggested, and then rolled her finger from his chin downward. Unless you have need for an ambassador instead of a scribe. Then I could fetch it for you."
	"I'd prefer an ambassador."
	"Excellent. You'll speak well of the kingdom of Ptolemies. I guarantee it. Do you need someone who can read Phoenician to assist you?"
	"Let's find the scroll first."
	"Yes, let's."
	Dr. Greek have grave doubts Lydia could find the work amidst so many other texts. It could take days: the library wouldn't have a classification system as broad or deep as a modern library, let alone the speed of something like the internet. Personal knowledge of the library's idiosyncracies would have a great role to play--not that Dr. Greek would mind. Browsing the Library of Alexandria was a classical scholar's unbridled fantasy. To have that fleeting moment of knowing what was real in that time and place... Less than a dozen of these scrolls could secure a glorious academic career, something much greater than teaching a dead language or any of the unreliable odd jobs he'd had up to this point. 
	Lydia led Dr. Greek downstairs. She began muttering to herself in s strange language. Occassionally a Greek word would slip in, and surprisingly some Hebrew ones. Then Lydia began walking down past a few aisles. Dr. Greek was still breathless to see scroll after scroll.
	"Just of curiosity, what do they trade in America?"
	"Trade?"
	"Yes. Iron, olives, gold, cotton, quarries? What do you make? What do you eat? Do all Americans dress as you do? You don some awfully strange fabrics."
	"This," Dr. Greek pointed to his jeans, "Is denim. It's both quite flexible and durable."
	"You must speak with the merchants before you return. It should fetch a high price, this fabric made in America."
	"Yes, well..."
	"Here is the scroll," Lydia pointed.
	"You found it rather quickly."
	"A man was here recently, with a great beard. He marked the scroll with an obscure text."
	Dr. Greek looked down at the writing. It was Hebrew.
	"I've seen this text before.
	"He said when his God had charged him to scour the earth for his religious texts. His people thought the collection was complete. He was a member of a sect that believed certain texts that belonged in the collection had been lost, and he was here trying to find them."
	Dr. Greek carefully unwrapped the scroll. 

The Collapse of the Temple of the Alphabet
	In a kingdom of ancient origin whose name is now forgotten lived a statuemaker. He was beloved by the king for both the detail and grandeur of his work. He had constructed for his king the tallest freestanding statue that had ever been. It was a great wonder, and brought many a visitor and the awe of other kings. 
	It was a great blessing to his majesty who used it wisely. If his kingdom could produce statues of such nature, he spread the rumors around that his siege machines would be of equal marvel. Thus did the king spare himself the expense of a great army, by which his city prospered and he lived in luxury.
	But, impressive as the statue was, the king saw its limits to shock and awe. So he commissioned his statuemaker to build a temple of such height that no one would ever question his kingdom's power. He informed the statue maker that nothing could be too bold—so  long as the structure was sound.
	The statuemaker told the king he could not imagine such a structure on his own. He asked to speak to a great trader, a great general, and a great scholar, and the king gathered the three of them together. 
	"What," he asked the scholar, "is the nature of the trade between nations?"
	"All nations are rich in some things and poor in others. One values what one lacks more than what one has in abundance. Thus nations exchange."
	"What" he asked the general, "is the nature of war between nations?"
	"Nations construct armies. Each does so in its own way. One nation sees to its advantage to produce more arrows, the other to produce more shields. Those who make more arrows make better arrows, and those that produce more shields produce better shields. Which commander shows more prudence is shown on the battlefield, for if the one nation produces arrows that pierce shields it is the wiser, but if the other nation produces shields through which no arrow shall pass than it is wiser."
	"What" he asked the scholar, "is the nature of knowledge amongst the nations?"
	"Each scholar lives in his own country, and seeing the state of his country, determines which knowledge should be the most profitable to gain. The country gains knowledge when the country's opinions are in accordance with truth, and increases in ignorance when its opinions are not in accordance with truth. The wisest of countries send scholars to investigate the opinions of others nations, for only then is it able to see beyond the falsehoods of its own."
	"Then it is in knowledge, war, and trade such that other nations haver riches of different kinds. I submit to you then, oh King, that the nation that understands the extent of the riches of other nations shall have the greatest glory."
	"How then," asked the king, "shall thou uncover the riches of other nations?"
	"All the nations have different tongues. I shall construct a temple with the words of all peoples. I shall make their words like unto stones, and when I have finished my temple there will be one language whose temple shall be ours."
	"Then it shall be so." proclaimed the king. "Gather scribes and masons of all nations together and we will build this temple."
	And so it was that temple began. In the beginning there was great frustration, for giving orders in the languages of all nations was difficult. But many a wonder happened during the building of the temple. For at times when word-stone was placed upon word-stone all the names for a thing became known. And when word-stone was placed upon word-stone it was discovered the number of sounds used by the tongues of nations was actually quite small. And as the temple was built marvel upon marvel revealed how the tongues of nations that had seemed so different were quite the same. And the scribes and masons began to hold it as fact that when the temple was finished it would be revealed that all tongues of nations would be revealed to be the same—though there was a great debate as to why they should seem so different. 
	The construction of the temple was beyond the generation of the statue maker. So it was agreed upon by the king that the first born in the line of the statue maker should have a wife of the great nations, and that each born after that should have wives of lesser nations and tribes, such that the progeny of the first statue maker could continue in the building of the temple, for it was known that children were better at learning the many tongues than their parents. 
	During the third generation of the construction of the temple there arrived a scribe from a kingdom so distant that no one could recall hearing of it, and this scribe came with a secret called paper. This secret, though flimsy and weak to every element, was capable of transcribing words on a fraction of the size of the word-stones. There was great talk that building of the temple might stop, but this was set to rest by the first born of the temple builders, who proposed something different. The paper could be used to plan the placement of the word stones temporarily so they could be easily set in place. He chose the most lingual of his brethren to begin this acceleration of the project--and paper increased building several fold. 
	What was thought would take seven generations would now take four. But as the temple reached completion on paper a strange thing occurred. A small band containing some of the brightest linguists fled in panic with only what their backs could carry and boarded the ship of the distant nation at night. It was rumored, though with little evidenced, that they settled amongst a sea-faring nation named Phoenicia. 
	The inexplicable reason for their terror became known after a certain time had passed. The temple of the one language had not yet been finished. However, it had reached a height that, it became possible for the masons of each nation to converse with each other crudely. Then it was discovered how one nation considered the many other nations as savages, and how those many other nations viewed that nation as savages, and the scribes and masons set upon each other, and the armies of those nations fought desperately amongst themselves for the right to destroy the temple themselves. 

	"So an alphabet is the remains of a one language that the nations of the world rejected? Violently?"
	"Yes," Lydia replied, and disrobed. The beautiful curves hinted under Lydia's robes were made entirely of fire, and Dr. Greek could clearly see her with twelve arms, juggling twelve torches.
	"The Library of Alexandria must burn. You knew that." Lydia's smooth voice becoming overbearing. 
	"But you said you were one of the library's ambassadors!" Dr. Greek objected. He knew his protest was futile, but he had to make it anyway. "How can you burn so many scrolls of such value?"
	"Man have spoken truths to me in the night that a hundred scrolls could not transcribe. I am gracing you with a choice. You can burn to ashes and save the scroll. Or you can trust that the scroll of the Hebrew captures the story sufficiently and live." 
	"The rest of the library lost forever?"
	"Yes. The Library of Alexandria burned and nothing can change that. You can determine if this physical scroll will survive. Hold to it fast and race out the way you came or don my robe, through which no fire can pass. 
	He looked at the scroll. It was the exact sort of text he thought he'd give anything for. He dropped it for the cloak. Navigating out of the library was of great difficulty. The cloak covered all light and heat, so it was impossible to know exactly where he was going. Initially he bumped into shelves frequently. But as he continued to walk, this was less and less the case. It occurred to him that perhaps the reason for this was that the robe allowed him to walk through objects that were on fire. 
	A sudden fear jolted through him that if this were the case he'd never know when to lift the robe. But this conundrum was solved when someone he ran into someone far enough from the flames who curiously lifted his robe.
	Dr. Greek awoke with a start. The agent of unnamed agent of HADES stood over him, and wiped the sweat off his brow. "You're back in the room you were in Dr. Greek, in safety. But your ability to speak clearly will not return for several hours."
	"The tower will fall, but it will not fall through the act of one nation alone."
	"You have the tongue of a prophet still reeling from the blood of Apollo. HADES will let you go after the effects of the drug have worn off. Do not trouble yourself with conversing doctor. You will find you have the ability only to say the simplest of sentences."
	"Get me a Bible."
	"Certainly."

The First Book of Moses
called Genesis
chapter 11:1-9

1] And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech
2] And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there
3] And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar
4] And they said, Go to, let us build a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
5] And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.
6] And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language, and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
7] Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
8] So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth, and they left off to build the city.
9] Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there confound the language of all earth, and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad open the face of all the earth.

	The story just didn't seem the same. It felt lesser somehow given the vividness of his vision and the vagueness of the Biblical version. Still, important parts of the story coincided. The Tower of Words was to be the grandest structure devised on the power of a universal language. Likewise did the Tower of Babel reach unto heaven. "And now nothing will be restrained from them" that built it. Armed with the power of the one language the constructors of Babel could create whatever they envisioned.
	The constructors of the Tower of Words were quite different. The power of the one language destroyed them, and without the need of an outside Lord. Though a similarity did remain. Both passages warned of a kind of danger that arose from a universal language. 
	The kind of danger seemed fundamentally different. The Biblical Lord felt the power was too much for humans to have and scattered them. The constructors of the Tower of Words were not put down by an outside Lord, but their own weakness. It could be the case that each culture's smug sense of superiority brought down the Tower, but such a base assumption seemed to devalue the story. For if that was the nature of the story, the tower should never have reached such height. The contempt of people towards each other should have become apparent much sooner.
	An important part of that tale was of the many languages truly interlocking. And one's language (languages) were... they were capable of holding the depth of a person's entire existence. To see that language weave, interrelate, dissolve, and contradict would have been a truly overwhelming experience. If that experience had been seen as a threatening one, the nations would have likely dashed each other to pieces and scattered without any outside assistance...
	But what was the difference between a Lord with power beyond human reckoning, and a truth beyond human reckoning? Might an observer of the fall of the Tower of Words simply conclude the Lord decided it was not to be and present this to his own people? It seemed plausible that the stories could be one and the same but for one important distinction—the distance of the observer. 
	A reader could easily note in the story of Babel a distinct lack of detail—a few short verses that didn't even compromise the majority of the chapter. This was a story that could easily come from a mason with only a dim knowledge of the tower's construction. The Collapse of the Temple of the Alphabet was most certainly written by someone with great familiarity with the temple's construction—its history, its design, and its purpose. In either case the result was the same: the temple was destroyed and humans forever losing their one language. 
	The more he thought about it, the more it seemed right to have left the scroll in the library, to have let the more distant, Biblical version to suffice. This seeming phantom he'd been chasing, the story of an advanced people that fell from some unforeseen circumstance, had apparently nestled its way into a few biblical verses and it was relieving to see them in some tangible form. 
	But that the story survived somehow in a surviving text was not the point. The point was the words of Lydia, "Men have spoken to me truths in the night that could not be written on a hundred scrolls." The physical scroll was in a sense unimportant. If there were no story teller to bring it to life, it would remain tucked away in academic journals as a curiosity. 
	But the Tower of Babel, in its nine humble verses, was the celebrated story of many an author, artist, and priest. The living stories were what mattered, not the scrolls guarded in antiquities museums. The story of the collapse of Atlantis, and its Egyptian and Biblical counterparts, was part of some larger story, and the conclusion seemed inescapable that HADES wanted him to tell it. But what exactly could this secular-religious organization have in mind when they made this decision? He had to know, for he felt it was a part of the story he had to tell. 


The Footsteps of Child Prophets
	

	Dr. Greek, Electra, and Cora had been separated from each other for several hours after being taken into custody. She had been thrust into the back of a van which offered only a two inch square view. The road was rocky and Electra began to make out Russian street signs. Yet there was no stop for a border crossing.
	After loosing track of where she was, he sense of when it was began to dissolve as well. She found herself in a dark room with a man who would not speak. Only the sound of his breathing marked the time. She didn't know what he was waiting for, if not merely for intimidation. He touched his ear for a few minutes as if receiving instructions from a headset.
	“Electra Samaras,” the dark clothed interrogator whispered gently, in a Greek not of a natural speaker, “Why don't you tell me what you think you saw?”
	“Jellyfish. An army of glowing rainbow jellyfish, stinging everyone in sight.”
	“Is that what you saw?” the interrogator asked, as those it was an obvious lie.
	“Yes. They marched to shore, and dissolved to some horrible liquid metal.”
	“Where did they start this ascent, this march as you call it.”
	“I didn't see it start. I don't know where they came from.”
	“The jellyfish fail to hurt you or your daughter.”
	“Was that there intent? To kill everyone on the beach?”
	“What do you know about Atlantis?”
	“That old myth? Anything any Greek has ever heard about it.”
	“Your male friend fail to mention it?”
	“The doctor? I don't understand. What's Atlantis got to do with any of this?”
	“Atlantis is eager to return.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“What do you think it means?”
	“Atlantis is rising from the depths from wherever it sank?”
	“No. That's not it. You're quite an intelligent woman, Electra. You can't figure it out?”
	“Figure what out?” 
	“Your reputation is considerable, Trident.of.Aeons.”
	“How do you know that name?”
	“Data encryption is for secrets. A secret is a contract between parties. Once its need is gone, or the parties are gone, it can disappear. But you haven't been letting them disappear. You've been cracking databases.”
	“What does this have to do with the incident? Why are you holding me?”
	“This day of yours must remain secret. We will see to it that it is kept secret. We have your daughter.”
	A door slid open and blinding light flood the room. A Greek of considerable stature said with command, “Lieutenant, you're being relieved of your duties. This is an affair for Athens, not Moscow.”
	“We'll meet again, Trident.” The Russian warned.
	“What's going on?”
	“Standard breach procedure. It's over now. You needn't worry.”
	“What about my daughter?”
	“I'm sure she'll be fine. If the Russians were acting out of malice, you'd be in pain.”
	“You're a bureaucrat charged with a Greek division, as opposed to the man who walked out, charged with a Russian position.”
	“Precisely.”
	“What do you want?”
	“You are charged with uncovering an archive of information.”
	“Archive? What Archive?”
	“The first archive. The oldest information storage and retrieval system known to humankind.”
	“Writing?”
	“Encoding through written script does have a history.”
	“That's not a yes or no.”
	“You humans have been able to describe this archive with words. But you must understand it, not describe it. This,” the man pulled out an amber vial, “Is a substance known to the ancient Greeks but lost to your age. It's called the Blood of Apollo. The Delphic Oracles used it. This batch has been injected with silicon for your purpose. You must remain calm for an injection.”
	“If Cora is alright.”
	“She's perfectly safe,” he told her, forcing in a needle, “she'll get an injection of her very own.” The man dropped the needle and in a fluid motion pinned Electra against the table, anticipating her instinctive rage and restraining her. 
	In the fifteen seconds the blood needed to course her veins, she forgot everything regarding her present situation. The world seemed to dissolve in a matrix of ones and zeros. Electra attempted to look at her body, but she could not distinguish between the ones and zeros of herself and those of the environment. 
	The ones are zeros flickered about, never staying in their same state. Electra focused on making out just a small area of flickering numbers to see if there wasn't an order to be made of them. Everything was a mess until she distinctly spotted a 101.  Then there were 101's everywhere. Numbers flickered around them but they seemed to multiply at an exponential rate. Then for a slight second every 1 and 0 aligned itself in a 101. Then everything seemed to dissolve, and the flickering began again. But after some time it was clear that some 101's remained for moments at a time, but then were always surrounded by zeros that returned the 101's into random collections of ones and zeroes.
	The process was repeating all around her, as far as her vision (if it could be called that) could perceive, a billion times, everywhere. It dawned upon her that what she was seeing was creation and destruction in their pure state. But for reasons she could not explain, nonrandom elements began to appear. It was simple code at first. 1010, 1001, 10101001, appearing with too much frequency for pure chance to be involved. But these numbers all shared a trait. Unlike 101, which could not be split apart, these numbers split in half. The process involved was hard to distinguish. Whether the splitting was the natural result of these pairs meeting their opposites or simply a tendency to these numbers to split apart.
	But soon these numbers began to retain some stability by clustering in matrices. When this happened, she began to feel seawater brush up against her hair, which soon lost the form it had from the lack of viscosity in air. Her hair was floating, as if submerged. How she could tell this, she was unsure, for she had forgotten her body. All she could feel was the sea in her hair. 
	The ones and zeroes had began to form three dimensional states, spheres that dissolved into each other. She felt herself take shape, not with the curves of a woman but with the curves of a sphere, her hair flailing about. 
	She looked about the ones and zeroes and something new appeared in her. Desire. Little bits of ones and zeroes took on a taste and she devoured anything that entered her hair. Once consumed they gave her a familiar sense of satisfaction. A whole meal.
	Her body seemed to quiver in satisfaction, at least until she sensed herself in a fetal position and stroking her hair in a room without any ones and zeroes at all. She was again Electra, but for a moment she had understood the feeling of being a jellyfish, even if she couldn't explain it to anyone, not even herself. 
	“Do you understand now, why a jellyfish might revolt?”
	“I couldn't explain,” she responded.
	“Then you understand. I will leave you to your thoughts,” The man merely shut the door behind her.

	“Relax child,” a hand touched Cora on the shoulder, and waited for her to stop shaking.
	“What is my mother?”
	“She is safe,” the dark voice responded.
	“Why do you talk funny?”
	“I'm from Russia. Do you know what your mother and father were doing at the beach?”
	“He's not my father. He's Dr. Greek.”
	“Why was he with your mother.”
	“I don't know. He showed up at my school. Mom told me to keep an eye on him. Then he followed me to my house. Mom let him sleep on the couch. They took me to the beach for a swim.”
	“What happened?”
	“Jellyfish monsters appeared out of nowhere! Dr. Greek kept me safe.”
	“How did he know to do that?”
	“I don't know. He just did.”
	“Did Dr. Greek say anything unusual to your mother?”
	“Of course he said unusual things. He's from America.”
	“What brought him?”
	“I don't know. Where is my mother?”
	“You don't know why he came her?”
	“I asked about my mother.”
	“She's in a place where she might get hurt.”
	“Don't you hurt her!”
	“I won't. Just answer my questions.”
	“That's enough private,” projected a Greek voice. “She's Greek, and under Athens jurisdiction.”
	“She's on Russian land.”
	“But the breach you hold her for occurred in Greece.”
	“You outrank me?”
	“Yes.”
	“Do as you wish. She's just a child. No one will believe her anyway.”
	“Who are you?” Cora asked.
	“You're being brought here was a mistake. An internal miscommunication. But now that you are here, I must say it is a convenient place to start procedures.”
	“What?”
	“The Jellyfish carried a toxin. It will kill you slowly, unless you take this shot.”
	“A needle?”
	“You've have shot before, yes? You're a big girl. There'll be a stick.”
	“Ggghh,” Cora received the injection holding her breath, and gasped in the end. 
	“You may lose track of where you are for some time. It's perfectly normal.”
	Cora looked up to see something that reminded her of a courtroom. Someone sat upon a large central column. Five human shaped series of lines had guns aimed at a half man, half bird. Behind her was an amphitheater filled with vertical lines. The wind blew, and the birdman raised his arms and began lifting off the ground. Everywhere was the sound of tinkling metal. The objects shaped as human beings were wind chimes. The wind stopped but the tinkling of metal continued for some time. 
	After it stopped the birdman began to caw. Cora looked up to its black beak, thrust forward from its black head. The caw rippled in her ears and made her dizzy. But she continued to fix her gaze upon the animal undaunted. The caws became softer and she watched it to see what it was doing. The wind came again and the chimes overpowered any noise it could make, but as the wind slowed the clamor could not continue.
	Seizing upon the first moment of silence the bird called “Cawra, cawra.”
	“Do you mean me?” Cora asked.
	“Yes.” The voice was like a throat speaking with no water, but with a crispness that made the words clear. “You are the one with human ears.”
	“What are these things?” she asked, pointing to the chimes.
	“Most dangerous creatures. The can only move in the direction of the wind, and speak in its direction. But the wind stops. They do not have ears to hear, so they will not know I am planning to escape with you.”
	“Can they speak?”
	“Yes, with the wind.”
	“Why do they point guns at you?”
	“Some mean to threaten me, some mean to kill me, some mean me to do things I do not wish to do, and some just blow with the wind.”
	“Why do they hate you?”
	“A bird can fly with the wind, as they can. But they can also use it to soar. This makes them afraid, and a bird's call can travel against the wind, which they fear because cannot hear it. A bird's call, they do not know, flies in all directions. But they only know it can fly against the wind.”
	“Why are you half man?”
	“You would not have expected a complete bird to talk.”
	“Why do you remain?”
	“The wind keeps blowing in their direction you see. For them wind flies forward and backward. But for us, it flows north, south, east, west, up and down. These chimes are prepared to fire upon me. They may in time, decide to fire upon you. There is only one option if you do not wish to let them choose.”
	“What is that?”
	“Follow me.” the creature began to run, it jumped, and it's legs transformed to bird legs. The wind blow again and the five figures fired their guns. A bullet hit two inches from Cora's left heel, and she ran after the bird.
	“Wait?”
	“Remember little one, if you don't believe a bird can speak, all you will hear is its caw. But if you hear it speak, and it speaks wisely, do not be surprised if others hear only a caw.” The raven continued flight, and Cora ran after it. She came upon a door and opened it. She saw the bird flying true straight through a long corridor. It turned down another corridor then went straight through a door.
	Cora opened it to find Dr. Greek sitting in a chair, carefully examining a bible.
	“Cora?” he asked in shock. The surprise had not been in her appearance. The surprise had been in how swiftly she entered the door, her bold dash into the room, and the rapid movement of her gaze, as though she was following some flying object he couldn't see.
	“Come back!” Cora yelled, bolting out the door. Dr. Greek jumped to his feet. Cora looked back at him. “Well are just going to stand there for them to fire their guns at you? Run Dr. Greek.”
	This didn't seem to be a point to argue. He at least had to know what had possessed the child. He ran after her and watched as, uncomprehendingly, as she dashed straight through a hallway with soldiers. At that instant he could only try to think of what to say should when the soldiers turned and instructed her to keep still. But he watched as, one by one, any soldier in the way moved on to different business. Guards made their rounds, resting soldiers answered walk talkies and changed directions, doors opened and people disappeared behind them. At some point  Cora threw upon a door.
	“Mommy?” she squealed in surprise. “We have to follow the bird. He knows the way out.”
	By this time Dr. Greek had caught his wind and appeared in the doorway. Electra instinctively retreated and Dr. Greek yanked her arm until she had caught her balance. “We've got to catch your daughter.”
	The next hallway was completely silent. Dr. Greek noticed for the first time that neither he, Electra, nor Cora were making any noise. Cora stopped at a door with no knob and an access code she couldn't reach. Dr. Greek stopped for a moment to breathe. Electra, stumbled and went sprawling. Her cry of pain was silent. This fact was less explicable then the manner in which Electra had fallen down. She was on her back facing away from the door, as if she had fallen while running backwards. Dr. Greek had been running ahead of her and could not make sense of it. It struck him that she too may very well have been drugged.
	“What's the code?” Dr. Greek asked.
	“Try 101,” Electra answered.
	Dr. Greek punched in the numbers. The door hissed, and then opened to an open air warehouse of troops and military equipment.
	“He's gone!” Cora squealed in terror, but Dr. Greek silenced her. He figured Cora had been drugged as well. 
	“There's a computer terminal directly to the right, ten paces down.”
	“How on earth do you know these things?” Dr. Greek asked, but he saw Cora was already making her way to the room Electra just described. It too had a passkey, but with a more complicated security code, but Electra placed two fingers from her left hand hovering over the eight and nine buttons, and punched the code in with her right hand. Dr. Greek ran on the tips of his feet and prepared to shut the door as soon as he entered. As Electra predicted, the room did indeed have a computer terminal, one that connected to the compound's security cameras. 
	Electra sat down at the computer. A soldier's pack a few feet away from the room's main computer indicated a security guard on break.
	“Electra,” Dr Greek begged.
	“I'm on it,” Electra started typing furiously.
	“Shut the door.”
	“I said I'm on it,” Electra replied. Three seconds later the sound of door bolt quietly responded to Dr. Greek's request.
	“Where's the bird?” Cora asked in distress.
	“Would you keep her quiet?” Electra asked. “I need complete concentration.”
	“What do I say?”
	“Make something up. It's part of parenting.”
	“You said you saw a bird?” Dr. Greek asked.
	“He flew through the door, but when mommy opened it, he was gone.”
	“Did you meet a stranger that gave you a yellow liquid.”
	“It was a shot,” she replied, showing her arm. There was a small red dot in the crook of her arm.”
	“Do you think the bird was leading us to this room?”
	“He was going somewhere. But I lost him.” she began quietly sobbing.
	“A mother can't concentrate when there's a crying daughter...” Electra added testily.
	“We'll find him. Right now we're in a building. But when we get all we'll have all the sky to search.”
	“Ok,” Cora said meekly.
	“Good job Doctor. Now search the analog evidence.”
	“What?”
	“The soldier's pack. What's in it. Don't say anything unless you think its important. I'm trying to gain administrative access.”
	“You know the door pass codes. That I get. But why did you cover up those two buttons with your left hand.”
	“The eight and nine were extraneous symbols. Only 0 through 7 were needed.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	Electra suddenly stopped typing. Dr. Greek urged her on, but she shook her head. “Did they give you a yellow liquid?”
	“I think they gave us all a yellow liquid. The called it the Blood of Apollo, said it was the source of Oracle prophecies. I don't think it's of human design.”
	“Did you have a vision?”
	“Yes, but it was over some time again.”
	“Mine...” Electra trailed off, must have warned off just now,” she again began typing furiously. I was irritated by your question doctor, at least at first.”
	“Why?”
	“I forget you don't work with computers. Computers encode numbers in ones and zeroes. Computer numbers are thus recorded in strings of two raised by exponents. 2, 4, 8. Sixteen is common in computer code. The substance must have helped me predict computer codes. So I had to cover the eight and nine to stop the distraction. In a number system based on 8's only 0 through 7 are necessary.”
	“Makes sense.”
	“But I think the substance has worn off. And I'm not getting central computer access from this room. It must be partitioned away from the main system. It's just a mundane security room. Check the soldier's pack.”
	Dr. Greek rifled through the pack, on the plus side there was food and water for two days. On the down side all the text was Russian.
	“It's all in Russian. I don't read Russian.”
	“Then smash any electronic device. Don't want it sending a signal. Well...” Electra continued while Dr. Greek smashed a smart phone with the soldier's metal canteen. “...I can just the security code to the door locally. No one will be able to get in here.”
	“Yeah but we can't get out.”
	“Details. Details. Looks like some operations meeting was set seven minutes ago. I guess that's why all the soldiers left.”
	“How much time to we have to get out of here?”
	“You can watch camera seventeen, but I'm guess we have 53 minutes.”
	“Great, and then what?”
	“Well, first I think they'll get us on property destruction.”
	“What?”
	“Well, no one's stated any rule we've broken to get here. So if there is a justification for detaining us they just put us back in our rooms. I don't believe they'll buy the story of my daughter chasing a bird when they want to know how we escaped, but they can't do much more than what they were planning to do in the first place.”
	“Get us a map of the compound. Maybe we'll find an exit somehow.”
	“I'll pull up building schematics.”
	There was a second chair next to Electra that Dr. Greek plunked himself down into. It controlled the security cameras. Dr. Greek fiddled with the knobs and dials and quickly picked up on how to manipulate all the cameras the facility was meant to monitor. 
	Sufficient study of the a selection of cameras led to an inescapable conclusion. The room was for monitoring the movement of a facility designed to ship computer parts. Dr. Greek could make no sense of the equipment strewn across the compound but he picked up on a detail about the containers. They all had numbers in a specific spot in a specific format. The consistence only led to one conclusion. They were latitude and longitude. Dr. Greek started jotting down every number he could find. He noticed a great deal of coordinates he could recognize—for the northern Aegean. Elsewhere there was a blitz of numbers he couldn't understand but wrote down faithfully. 
	“This facility contains a tunnel system of some sort. The tunnels are quite large. Enough to move trucks. Underground. What for?”
	“Have you looked at the cameras, Electra? Computer parts.”
	“What kind of computer parts? These tunnels lead... that's a river... you might be able to ship computer parts from the coast through this facility without someone knowing it. But who, and why? Are we in Russia or not?”
	“From the length of time we traveled I bet we're in Bulgaria.”
	“Then why we everyone here be Russian?”
	“Trucking computer parts from the Aegean through Bulgaria to Russia doesn't make any sense. Unless for some reason you can't pass through the Bosphorus to the Black Sea. That's really weird.”
	“Well, you don't build truck sized tunnels a mile long to do much of anything but to transfer contraband of some kind. I'm out of my league here. I could pass this on to some hacker friends.”
	“I'll keep getting the navigation points.”
	“The what's?”
	“Latitude and longitude. They're written on the crates.”
	“Excellent. I'm going to look at the tunnel schedules now. Shit! Shipping schedules are classified. Wait, maybe there are schedules for maintenance. The C-Tunnel is closed for maintenance, which starts in 11 hours. The tunnel is 1.2 km in length. It leads to the main warehouse. We might be able to sneak in through the main warehouse ventilation room. Look, see how the vents line up?”
	Electra and Dr. Greek looked for a clock.
	“Thirty seven minutes left to go in the meeting, if it doesn't run early.”
	“The soldier's pack. Two days worth of provisions.” Dr. Greek started rifling through it again.
	“What are you looking for?”
	“A gun,” Dr. Greek answered, stopping his search abruptly. 
	“What is it?”
	“A grenade.”
	“Do you think we can make it out?”
	“We have to Dr. Greek. We have to.”


Case Files of HADES	

	Cora leapt up in exuberance as the first red traces of the sun could be seen from the darkness of the compound tunnel. A black bird flittered in the sky. A guide, it seemed, to keep the trio from slipping into the land of the dead. Watching the bird as it flew through the air eventually focused the trio's eyes on a village of some kind.
	The ground was rough, and at least a day's trudge on foot. It completely exhausted them, but they received a sudden boon when they reached the village, whose population seemed quite eager to help them. The level of generosity was inexplicable, even for a quite welcoming people it seemed excessive. But Dr. Greek pinned it down. The concern was that they were ghosts. Arrangements were made, as sloppily and quick as it could be done to sneak the trio back to Greece. 
	From there Electra could begin constructing a data dump to post the latitudes and longitudes. Electra had to account for a three day absence from work and Cora's absence from school. She eventually decided to hack a server for a hospital and produced false medical records. Locations trickled in quickly, even Dr. Greek could make some progress with a detailed  geographical map. Points trickled in from Spain to Syria, from Italy to Russian ports on the Black Sea, to several points on the Mediterranean with no corresponding land mass. 
	It seemed it make take years to peace together what this might represent. But there certainly were a number of navigation points a few miles south of Kavala—perhaps an origin to the jellyfish. Over the weeks compromised satellites began to monitor the sites for military activity—a strong correlation and probably the key to uncovering this mystery. One site in the Greek highlands, however, showed no human presence whatsoever, and was a mere fifteen miles away. 
	After some discussion a decision was made to go to the location—it was a cave. Outside the entrance was the rotting corpse of a black bird. Dr. Greek put his hand on Electra's shoulder. She knew what it meant. The pair returned to Kavala, and they brought Cora along.
	Wisps of shadow flittered across the cave when they entered it. Glitters of light revealed a form. A human form.
	“I know you're here.” Dr. Greek stated to her.
	“Come out and play!” Cora added.
	“Your little one is most fearless,” A voice muttered in a difficult Greek dialect. 
	“Be quiet,” Electra nudged. “This is a sacred place.”
	The figure stepped forward. Half the body of a Greek woman appeared stitched onto a skeleton. Dr. Greek gasped, though Electra and Cora remained silent.
	“But, Electra, do you know why it is sacred?”
	“This is about HADES isn't it?” Dr. Greek demanded.
	“You have the wrong brother Dr. Greek,” the spirit whispered. This is an entrance to Olympus. To Zeus.”
	“A mountain in a cave?” Dr. Greek asked quizzically.
	“Not a cave, a gateway to the divine. At the side of one entrance the world's highest peak is Everest. On the other side the highest peak is Olympus—five times the height of any mountain you've ever known.”
	“People have reached the peak of Everest.”
	“But never Olympus. You needn't even see it. I'm not the spirit of the mountain—Zeus prefers his beauties. There is a library here of great age. That is what you seek.”
	“How do you know what I seek? Do you work for HADES?”
	“How is the cave talking?” Cora asked her mother.
	“Some caves can talk,” Electra responded. This seemed to satisfy her daughter.
	“I'm not bound to his service. But I want something and my goals suit his needs.”
	“Jonathan,” Electra called out. “She leads you further into the cave!”
	“There'll be computers there,” Dr. Greek responded.
	“What makes you think they'll be down here?” Electra asked confused. She looked back at the form of the woman and it had shifted from flesh to binary.
	“You are most perceptive. There will be computers there, if they are needed,” the voice responded. “And water puddles,” she added, and Cora smiled. “But there'll be no stories inspired by the great fall which happened so long ago. This is a more... recent edition of ruin.”
	“But a story of a fall all the same?”
	“Yes. But it will chronicle a story of loss through successful subtraction, not failed addition. A story of permanence rather than decay. A story of Zeus.”
	“When humans embark on too great an ambition of creation it falls.”
	“Yes, but see here, in the library chamber of this deep cavern, a glimpse of something not fallen, but destroyed.”
	The three turned the corner to a drenched cave, molded scripts, and discarded computer parts.
	“You computerized the library?” Electra asked.
	“To suit your needs, and the needs of your age.” The spirit produced a flash drive. “This should begin to explain the crisis of your age as it occurs here and now. You Dr. Greek, I believe, need to hear of a more ancient story of destruction. Be certain to be careful with the documents. They belong to Zeus. They are written in script which does not decay in water. But they are still delicate when exposed to air. Most onlookers conclude they are worthless simply from the moss on their spines.”
	“GNOSA!” A voice boomed.
	“Hide,” Gnosa whispered. “Zeus is coming down from Olympus on some matter.” Gnosa looked upward. “Yes Lord?”
	“My brother and I must enter yet another round of diplomacy. I would hate to see him grab something from anger or lust, like his wife. We don't need some new three year famine like my sister conjured when she lost our daughter. Hades is growing quite restless. I'm not sure what will happen if humans don't stop raiding the black stores of his putrescence. Keep the library safe.”
	“Yes, my lord,” Gnosa responded.
	The cave lumbered with the sound of his robe scrapping its bottom. The library rattled until a great silence crystallized. Any sound would have been meek by comparison.
	Dr. Greek saw a little more of the woman fade away. “You're not terrified of Zeus?”
	“Why should I be?” Gnosa responded. “The duty I carry out is not so terribly important in his eyes. As of late he's had far more pressing matters. He quarrels greatly with his brother. When humanity builds its tallest monuments, he is most eager to skim the stones from the tops of the temples. It's all he cares about. Obscure troves in caves are not his concern, provided you do not reveal this pathway between worlds.”
	“What is in here?”
	“You read Greek,” she replied, pointing to a pile of scrolls and parchments. “See for yourself.”
	Dr. Greek walked over to the pile, and carefully flipped through the scrolls, reading their titles aloud. “The Gospel according to Phillip. The Gospel according to Mary. The first apocalypse according to Levi. Acts of the Hebrews. 3 Corinthians. 4 Corinthians...”
	“Mommy, mommy,” Cora yelled running, “this water doesn't make you wet!”
	“You run along and play now dear,” Electra told her. “You can play in water all you want if you don't get wet.”
	This seemed sufficient for the child who was splashing things everywhere.
	“Gnosa this whole stack...”
	“Texts that never made it into the Bible. Did Paul address the Corinthians for a fourth time, or did someone just think Paul's job wasn't finished?”
	“I couldn't answer that.”
	“No,” replied Gnosa, her human form beginning to wrap around her corpse. “You can't, because the oldest extant Bibles date from Constantine. There is historical evidence to suggest what Christian texts were, and who decided what went where. But no doubt many of the writings about Christ's message were lost if they did not have consent of a church. The recent discovery of the Nag Hammadi library brought some of the Gnostic gospels back into the world.”
	“Electra mentioned something about that not being an accident...”
	Gnosa's human form seemed to reappear completely. 
	“The Gnostic Gospels represent a form of Christianity that was considered heresy and ordered to be destroyed.”
	“But a few texts were hidden away and discovered.”
	“But Gnosticism has been destroyed. Scholars may find it interesting, mystics may find illumination in it, but the texts will never be considered part of the bible. They will never be considered Christianity. The heresy was purged.”
	“True.”
	“Can you possibly imagine the joy one gains in destroying a heretic?” Gnosa's human form began to dissolve. “Here you are honored with the opportunity to rid the world of falsehood. To destroy the world the chance to consider possibilities that lead you away from the truth faith, which you have. Do you not see how that can bring your hand towards the blade, the torch, and the torture chamber? Do you not also see the success of your ancestors? The truth is written in the Bible, and all that is left is for the Christian to interpret. It is often the case that even needing to read the Bible is unnecessary. It's written down. You can't add to it, because all the doubters that could, all the doubters that mattered have been exterminated.”
	“Hence it would not matter if a library with Gnostic gospels were uncovered.”
	“Yes. The Bible may be translated, but its contents are stone. The prophets you look for, of Poseidon. You needn't concern yourself with finding any more. They all express the same truth. Disastrous temples are not built from doubt. They are built through certainty. The certainty of the architects, specifically. The builders only develop the spectacle.”
	“But does not Zeus enjoy the spectacle? Why would he have given you a duty?”
	“It's more akin to a punishment than a duty. Here I guard an entrance of Olympus by protecting a collection of writing in which no Christian would believe. The doomed towers of Christianity have already been built and fallen. The governments of the great empires are secular. This collection of doubts from the Roman empire cannot change the course of a kingdom—and are looked on by Zeus as a puddle. But I cannot bear to part with it.”
	“Who are you?”
	“I wrote the Gospel of Mary.” 
	 “Jonathon?” Electra called out.
	“Yes? Anything of import on the computer?”
	“You must see this!”
	Dr. Greek went over to the ruddy computer Electra was working on, though he was cut off by Cora, who interrupted her play because of the tone of her mother's voice. 
	Dr. Greek hurried over. The top of the screen read “HADES directory.” The screen looked a great deal like a Windows interface of some sort—some version of Linux no doubt. The were four folders: directory, index, logistics, and directives. 
	Electra clicked on the index. The screen flashed “Classified—this action not cleared at this IP address.” before returning to normal. “Damn!” Electra blurted out. “We get to a computer terminal with other worldly security guards and we still don't have full access. 
	“Check out directives.” Dr. Greek instructed.
	The computer went into a command prompt, “Enter search term”
	“Type Atlantis.”
	“Includes classified files. Log on as a classified user?”
	“No.”
	“Hmm... let's hack the search term.” Electra stated.
	“What?”
	“Atlantis may be pulling some classified files, so let's try “Atlantean antiquities”
	“Four files found. Generalize search to antiquities?”
	“Well, Jonathon, we might as well. Search.”
	“231 files found. Forms: 117, 169, 426, and 529 included.”
	“Forms?” Electra looked over Dr. Greek curiously.
	“Form 117.”
	“Form 117, requests for temporary return of lost texts.”
	“Type Greek.” Dr. Greek told Electra.
	“Form 117 # 6219 Status: filed, approved, executed. More info?”
	“Yes, of course,” Electra typed.
	“Owing to reasons CLASSIFIED a request was made for the following items: the Greek Poseidon prophet parchment, the Egyptian prophet scroll, and the Atlantean cipher to be seen by Jonathon Greek.
	Request granted with modifications: 
	The Atlantean cipher being of too sensitive of nature is denied access. The remaining texts in the original may be provided to Dr. Greek for his own personal translation. Dr. Greek is the only authorized party to the originals. Any translations he makes are free and open to the public. 
	Request executed:
	Dr. Greek has been granted temporary access to restricted materials as per request. Originals have been returned unharmed. Dr. Greek translated the passages himself. 
	Review of form for reasons CLASSIFIED:
	Dr. Greek has thus far demonstrated a great deal of enthusiasm in response to the new texts. They have had a strong effect. More on his response and purpose see corresponding 529 form. Please note 529 forms follow a different  security classification system. User may experience unexpected problems in access.”
	“Hmm... Dr. Greek. The items they showed me. It's why I'm here.”
	“Form 529 #6219.”
	“Form 529 #6219 Status: filed, approved, status ongoing. More info?”
	“Yes.”
	Please note: documents regarding internal auditors are subject to a different classification system than those of regular documents. Those authorized to see CLASSIFIED and HIGHLY CLASSIFIED documents are barred from their use. Those only authorized to see SENSITIVE may view them but not disseminate them. Those authorized to see TOP SECRET documents may view and disseminate them as necessary only after the proper paperwork has been filled out. 
	The current user has SENSITIVE status. 
	“Owing to Dr. Greek's animosity for Samantha Clemens.”
	“Who's Samantha Clemens?”
	“I used to debate her on those television programs...”
	“You were on TV?” Cora scared the hell out of them, after being so absorbed at whatever it was that had her mother so fixed on the screen.
	“Yes.” Dr. Greek turned around. “I was on TV saying Atlantis wasn't real.”
	“When?” Cora asked.
	“Some time ago,” Electra responded, hoping to quiet her daughter.
	“Did you see him?” she asked.
	“No, it was in America,” Dr. Greek answered. “Why should they care so much about my fights with Ms. Clemens?”
	Owing to Dr. Greek's animosity for Samantha Clemens, his attention to detail, and emphasis on factual reporting of known scholarship, Dr. Greek may make an excellent INTERNAL AUDITOR. 
	Dr. Greek's status: highly favorable. Dr. Greek is collaborating with another potential internal auditor (number 1815) who also shares his highly favorable status, and is skilled in computer hacking. It should only be a matter of time before he discovers that he can and must audit Samantha Clemens. The following information is for the sensitive user: she exists as part of a larger project. A directory is available for a user of TOP SECRET status.
	“Sam Clemens, huh?” Dr. Greek. “Interesting quirk.”
	“How so?” Electra asked. 
	“Samuel Clemens is the real name of the famous American author Mark Twain. But the connection is too strained. I think it's just coincidence.”
	“How can you be sure?”
	“Caution I suppose. Even with everything I've seen I'm suspicious of conspiracy theories. Let's check to see if there's a 529 Form on you.”
	Form 529 # 1815: Status: filed, approved, ongoing
	Please note: documents regarding internal auditors are subject to a different classification system than those of regular documents. Those authorized to see CLASSIFIED and HIGHLY CLASSIFIED documents are barred from their use. Those only authorized to see SENSITIVE may view them but not disseminate them. Those authorized to see TOP SECRET documents may view and disseminate them as necessary only after the proper paperwork has been filled out. 
	The current user has SENSITIVE status
	Electra Samaras is part of a hacker collective that recently hacked a Greek internal antiquities database and discovered that the “discovery” of the Nag Hammadi library was not an accident. Her hacking skills make her a prime candidate for INTERNAL AUDITOR. A 117 Form has been filed to allow her daughter to uncover the “mythical” lyre of Orpheus. Said artifact has now been both safely discovered and confiscated. 
	Status: highly favorable. Electra is now collaborating with another potential INTERNAL  AUDITOR named Jonathan Greek. They have both been solicited to investigate the same organization, and she should soon discover the participation of Alexandros Rangavis.  
	Electra looked away from the computer and up at Dr. Greek, then her eyes turned back to her daughter, who they discovered had been splashing water at them furiously. They hadn't noticed. Then the thrusts of water were a tad shocking.
	“It's water that doesn't get anything wet!” Cora squealed.
	“Stop with the splashing!” Electra scolded. “Splashing normal water is rude. Reality will be different outside the cave. Very different. It's time my hacker friends and I had a little chat.” 


The Cave Underneath the Bedroom


	Electra, Cora, and Dr. Greek returned to Electra's apartment. Cora took straight off to her room and Electra and Dr. Greek went to Electra's study to access her computer.
	“It's on standby.” Electra informed him. “Things will pop in a second.”
	“Mommy I want to go play!” Cora pleaded, grabbing her arm from the keyboard.
	“Mommy has to use the secret box,” she responded.
	“Secret box?” Dr. Greek asked.
	“It's... complicated. Cora knows how to use a computer but--”
	“But what?”
	“Why don't you tell Dr. Greek about your secret box Cora?”
	Cora grinned in agreement, and started pulling Dr. Greek in the direction of her room.
	“Go on,” Electra nodded, “unless you have any idea about hacking.”
	“You go on to your room,” Dr. Greek instructed Cora. I'll be there in a minute.”
	Cora took to flight.
	“What are you going to do?”
	“Just... hacker stuff. It'll be boring to watch.”
	“What will you do, exactly?”
	“No matter how much is touted about this being an information age, the power of Internet is really designed to be in the hands of a few. Networks with admin access, password protection, encrypted databases, etc. No one really wants the general populace to know what's out there, unless the information is pretty harmless. You either take it by force or steal it in the shadows. Generally when you're in the shadows it helps to find other shadows, anonymously, to achieve your ends. They can share where the information structure is compromised—if they are inclined. But they need to be assured security, which is why I'd prefer it you went into my daughter's room and played with her while I worked.”
	“What do I do?”
	“Make something up. It's part of parenting.” she pointed to Cora's bedroom.
	Dr. Greek to Cora's room with some apprehension. He went into her room silent and expressionless, but Cora was ready to accost him as soon as he opened the door.
	“Come in. Come in. Let me show you my cave.”
	Cora had arranged blankets at the underside of her bed such as to create an entrance. Dr. Greek laid down and peeked in the hole. Dr. Greek saw two toy figures: one in armor holding a sword, and the other sitting next to a box.
	“This is my cave,” Cora said. “This is the daddy, he goes off and fights cave monsters. This is the mommy, she gets to play with the secret box.”
	“What's in the secret box?”
	“It's a secret.”
	“And where do the little girls go?”
	“They're at school. Now I get to be the mommy with the secret box. You get to be...”
	On impulse Dr. Greek leapt back to his feet, “I get to be the tickle monster!” and ran his fingers straight for Cora's underarms. They move was unexpected and she was prone and laughing hysterically.
	“No...” Cora struggled to get the words out. “...fair!”
	“The tickle monster already got daddy, and wants to know what's in the secret box!”
	Dr. Greek continued to tickle, smiling at his role of childhood interrogator. “And he won't stop tickling until you tell him the secret.”
	“Stop!” Cora squealed, “Stop!”
	“The tickle monster wants to know!”
	“I don't know!” Cora squealed out. It seemed in earnest.
	“Plausible deniability...”
	“I... said.. stop!”
	Dr. Greek rolled over. “Daddy slayed the tickle monster. Mommy's lucky.”
	“Only mommies get to know what's in the secret box.”
	“So what's in the cave?”
	“Look.”
	Cora pulled out a collection of brochures of caves from across Europe, many in Europe, but some as far away as Finland. “Mommy says all caves are connected. If you look deep down enough. Is that true?”
	“I don't know. I need to look at some... maybe I'll find one that isn't.” Dr. Greek pulled open the maps and saw tons of diagrams of supposed entrances and exits to other caves that had brochures. Cora took great pains to explain her diagrams now that she had a captive audience. (A new victim in Electra's eyes.)  
	“See these two doorways?” Cora arranged two photos directly next to each other. They were of similar style caves, and the shadows cast in the exit did coincide to some degree.
	“They look quite similar.”
	“Too similar. That might not be the place where the caves connect, but they both have similar doors. They're probably connected by passageway.” 
	Dr. Greek listened patiently as Cora pointed at suspiciously shaped doors, similarly structured stalactites, repeated rock surfaces. Cora's premise was intricate and though he thought it a fantasy he did enjoy learning about Greece through its underground. It was a new way at looking at his favorite place again. 
	“Dr. Greek!” Electra yelled in impatience, poking through her head through the door.
	“What?”
	“Oh,” Electra stated with some interest. “Cora showed you her caves. That takes forever doesn't it? This is an entrance! That's an entrance! She gets them confused all the time.”
	“Do not!” Cora yelled back, apparently quite offended.
	“I thought her accuracy was impressive.”
	“Told you! Told you!” 
	Electra closed the door on her gloating daughter. “She doesn't need encouragement on this point doctor,”
	“Did her father work in caves for a living?”
	Electra turned a cold shoulder and walked towards her computer. “I found something in a business email belonging to Alexandros Rangavis, our man. Take a seat.” She offered her computer chair.
	The lyre of Orpheus was discovered by a young girl named Cora Samaras, and located in the apartment of her mother Electra Samaras. Cora attends a private music school, whose officials claim had a member of the Greek government come to confiscate it. Upon interview the teacher noted the man occasionally used antiquated expressions, indicating the man was probably learned a deal of Greek from university study as opposed to a native speaker. 
	A routine profile of Electra found little of interest, her being a single mother with a low level data entry computer job. A search of Electra's apartment found both the lyre and contact info of a one “Dr. Greek.” The phone number is American but the name is probably a pseudonym.”
	“Shit! Is HADES on to me?”
	“Don't worry, keep reading.”
	“Given that the man in question took every effort at being nondescript and leaving as few incriminating details as possible, I've decided not to trouble an American specialist for further investigation. The lyre did not contain information regarding the land of the dead and now that it has been returned without being reported the case is closed in my professional judgment.” 
	“Your stupid name saved you. Where in the hell did you manage to come by it?”
	“I changed it from Creed, Jonathon Creed.” Dr. Greek responded, red faced. “It was my nickname, derived from my poor handwriting. People started using it so much I had it changed legally. Look, this guy is definitely our man, but I don't think he's that high up.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“Cora was very curious about me.”
	“No surprise there.”
	“And I got the idea in me to ask for Cora's contact information to humor her. When I was doing so I reached into my pocket and found a business card from HADES, written on the back was “You have something that does not belong to you.” This was before I left the building. Someone else knew I had the lyre.”
	“You think this woman Clemens?”
	“Maybe. Have you considered the possibility that our escape from military detention was too easy? That the military personnel showed something more than incompetence?”
	“What you mean like 'friends in high places'?”
	“Low places. Orpheus' lyre, an entrance to Olympus... let's just look at what we've seen. The group named HADES must have a direct connection with the underworld.”
	“Then... I mean the lyre, the terminal, our escape from detention... is someone leaking us information? That computer said we'd been selected to be auditors. Why us?”
	“Well, from a functional standpoint we are auditing are we not?”
	“True.”
	“A company can't make good financial decisions without solid numbers and audits find fraud. Maybe Rangavis and Clemens have been doing something... “
	A burst of flute music came from Cora's room. “Cora practicing?”
	“Huh?” Electra muffled. “Oh the music. Yes she's a flute player. I'm so used to her practicing I barely notice it anymore.
	“She's awfully loud.”
	“Oh she's a freight train,” Electra remarked, “I'm serious. You just guide her somewhere  with the least potential for damage and off she goes. I'd throttle her I weren't her mother. But I see too much of myself in her, so I know not to stop her if she's fascinated with something.
	“So this woman Clemens, you say she debated with you?”
	“Yes. It shouldn't be so difficult to get in touch with her through my agent. If I could just... ever since I've gotten involved in this HADES stuff I haven't had a moment's rest. Do you have a beer or something?”
	“Oh, I don't drink in front of Cora. How about a back rub?”
	“Yes. Please.”
	“So... you are tense... what do you know about this woman Clemens?”
	“Well, I know she works with the Institute of American Culture, or at least that was always her credit on the Atlantis documentaries. Let's start our search there.”
	Institute of American Culture Dr. Greek typed.
	Search Results:
	“Institute of American Culture bribery scandal. Editors of American history textbooks bribed to remove 'un-American' content from children's textbooks, which apparently meant critical accounts of the founding fathers, such as notes that Thomas Jefferson owned slaves. Board Member Samantha Clemens told the press the institute could offer no comment as it is and had been conducting an internal investigation well before the scandal broke. 
	“Looks like this Clemens woman is it. Ok search.”
	Samantha Clemens, board of directors.
	Americans for Economic Advancement, Board of Directors... Samantha Clemens
	Research for Market Based Solutions Inc. Board of Directors... Samantha Clemens
	American Culture Preservation Institute. Board of Directors... Samantha Clemens.
	“This woman's a board member for everything!” Dr. Greek exclaimed. I thought she was just this prim and proper academic. I guess we ought to do a full profile don't you think?”
	“Yes, full profile. Here, I'm going to need my seat back. I should be able to get a copy of her driver's license from a DMV.”
	“Just like that? This is method number one for finding information on Americans?”
	“An American hacker swears by it. I admit not having taken the time to figure out why it works so well. What is it like getting a driver's license in America?”
	“They have the longest lines of any institution I've ever been in.”
	“Ah, so they're understaffed and underfunded? That explains it. They have encrypted systems, but the passwords leak so quickly. Here's a New York driver's license. We should be able to start a roller with this.”
	“A roller?”
	“Oh, that's when you get hold of an ID with enough information get more IDs and more information.”
	“Ok... went to a private Catholic school in Upstate New York, psychology degree from the University of New York. Master's in Psychology at Princeton. Internship... industrial psychologist with private equity firm Meyer Consultancy Inc. 
	“There's something about this woman...”
	“I thought her only job was the Institute.”
	“Her hair.”
	“What's with her hair? Her expression seems ghastly enough, though it is a driver's license photo.”
	“I used to wear my hair up. This woman doesn't have thick hair like mine. She seems Eastern European. Thinner hair... Catholic too.”
	“I don't get it. We have all the hard information we need. Why obsess about her hair?”
	“Habit. Hacking is more about finding weakness in logical code. It's more like finding things that don't fit. I told you how I wore my hair up? Quite a bit actually. You see that pattern she's using?”
	“Barely from such a bad photo.”
	“That's an intricate knot, and she's using chemicals to make it even tighter. I wouldn't be surprised if this woman's hair is down to her thighs.”
	“Why would that be important?”
	“It's not business like for a woman to keep her hair so long, she knows it, and she's a professional at hiding it. You can tell something's amiss when someone's become an expert at hiding something.”
	“What?”
	“I don't know. I'm already under the impression that we're going to have to break into this woman's living space. She's too connected not to have hidden something highly important on a computer not connected to the Internet.”
	“Well then we'll just have to find that computer.”


Girl Schools and Think Tanks


	Electra took a paper clip from her pocket, broke it in half and began fiddling with the deadbolt of apartment 1301, while Dr. Greek kept it illuminated with a pen sized flashlight. It was 2:17 am, and an investigation of Ms. Clemens activities revealed she was scheduled to speak at a conference in DC, far away from her New York apartment on the thirteenth floor of the Wilkes building. It seemed a rather odd dwelling space for someone who apparently spent so much time in Wall Street, but Ms. Clemens had an income that would easily allow her multiple dwelling spaces, even in New York. 
	“Have you ever picked a dead bolt before Electra?”
	“Only to hack an extremely secure system.”
	“What do you suppose she's hiding?”
	“This apartment would be an hour long commute to any of the associations she works for. It must be quite a bit.” Electra replied, inching the lock open.
	“Suppose she has a chain?”
	“We'll find out,” Electra responded, opening the door. “Give me the flashlight. We better make sure she's not asleep.” Electra moved the flashlight quickly about, ensuring it didn't glare on anyone place to long. The initial room was a kitchen, dinning, and living room area, barely a ten foot square. A closed door led into the bedroom, of about equivalent size. 
	Everything was laid out in incredible economy. The entire height of the bedroom was wrapped in book shelves. The bed had been synced to her computer desk such that she could roll out of bed and into her computer chair. Electra flashed the light on the bed, it was empty. 
	“Close your eyes,” Electra said, flipping the light switch. The bookshelves Electra had seen where almost entirely full. Sam's bed was small, useless to anyone taller than six feet. Over in the corner was a microfiche machine. It seemed the woman had an entire library squeezed into her bed room. It seemed unnatural for a woman with so much reference to cram it into such a small space. 
	Now that the light was on a disturbing and previously unseen aspect of her apartment was now in plain sight: it was littered with art and images of the religious persecution of women.
	“This woman has issues Jonathon.”
	“Yeah. We better be careful not to disturb anything. She probably knows exactly where everything goes.”
	“We better check the walls as they are.”
	“She surrounds herself with some disturbing stuff.”
	“Yes, but why? We hacked her apartment so to speak. We won't be able to physically inspect this little nook again.”
	“You think this woman has some serious issues with religion?”
	“Well, you note that all the victims are female.”
	“Issues with men?”
	“Well, let's look for inscriptions on the images. Here's one, gilded in gold... 'She worshiped God as a woman' Hmm... this is her pad. Her place for retreat. I think she picked these women for their defiance.”
	“And if she works for HADES she sure does have a lot of women pictured burned at the stake.”
	“Yes, I... Whoa. Turn around Jonathon.”
	The pictures had been arranged with the greatest of care. That became obvious when Jonathon turned around and noted that he hadn't noticed a gun rack in plain sight. There was a spot for two rifles and a pistol, one slot empty, one with a sniper rifle, and the other with a .357 magnum.
	“Ikes!” Jonathon couldn't help raising his voice, He went and picked up the Magnum from the rack. “We really should hope this conference wasn't canceled. Let's get to her computer.”
	“Yes. I don't imagine it will be too hard to crack. I don't think anyone else comes in here but her.”
	“You think?”
	Electra made her way over to the computer chair which was too small for her body. She looked down on it and spotted a stray hair. “Look Jonathon.” She ran her fingers down it and it was over three feet in length.
	“How did you know?”
	“See how thin and wiry this hair is? I know when a woman is hiding the volume of her hair.”
	“Why do you think she keeps it as long as she does? Hair that long must be difficult to subdue elegantly enough for a business function.”
	“I guess she likes things being snug.”
	“Ok, so how long do you think you need at the computer?”
	“No time flat. Either her computer's easy access or it's so encrypted no one could enter it. Look through her files.”
	“Better yet, I'll see what she's archived on the microfiche.”
	Both Dr. Greek and Electra began focusing on their searches and completely took their eyes off the bed. Absorbed in their activity a silence grew until it was shattered by the click of a shotgun being pumped. 
	Samantha had been hiding under the bed the entire time. Now she stood before them in a nightgown, hair down to her thighs, holding a 12 gauge shotgun.
	“Kick the magnum over to the corner,” she instructed. Dr. Greek had placed it on the floor while digging through Samantha's archives. “Get up slowly, and walk over to the opposite corner. 
	But Dr. Greek and Electra paused for a bit, having to fight their natural instinct to freeze. But it was the kind of voice that didn't repeat itself. The pair walked over to the corner.
	“Take off all of your clothes.”
	The fear of nudity melted away from the overwhelming fear elicited by the voice. Dr. Greek and Electra disrobed. 
	“Nothing to hide I see. Didn't think to conceal a pistol?” she said it as though it were a matter of course. She pointed the gun directly at Electra's left breast. “Women's nipples get quite erect when they're cold. Makes things difficult to conceal in a bra.” She turned over to Dr. Greek. “Of course I can't imagine how difficult it must be to hide an erect penis,” she added, pointing the gun between Dr. Greek's legs. The combination of a racing heart and being naked in front of two women led to an uncomfortable arousal. And the intimidation of this woman with the shotgun made him feel obligated to let himself grow.
	“What are you doing here?”
	“I...” Electra muttered helplessly.
	“HADES sent us,” Dr. Greek was quick to interrupt.
	“HADES?” she asked in some surprise, drawing the gun back. “What would they want to know from me that I wouldn't reveal on my own?”
	“We weren't told.”
	“Auditors! You two are auditors!” she smiled. “I didn't think I was that important.”
	“You're certainly a board member of a number of organizations,” Dr. Greek continued.
	“Maybe they want to promote me...” she drew the gun back, removed a number of books to reveal a .22, with a silencer attached. She put the 12 gauge down. “Just sit down and face the wall. I wouldn't want to upset a potential auditor, but a girl must protect herself you understand.”
	Electra and Dr. Greek both turned to look corner bookshelf.
	“You really have a thing for pictures of women being persecuted.” Dr. Greek offered.
	“This is my apartment you've broken into. I have dwelling spaces for guests. This place is for my eyes alone. I grew up in a Catholic boarding school.”
	“Doesn't that make you horny instead of violent?” Dr. Greek asked. After he said it he couldn't imagine himself saying something more inappropriate.
	Then Samantha burst into laughter. “We have a ten year reunion coming up. I'll see if the stereotypes live up. Do you believe in God?”
	“I believe...”
	“It's ok if you do, or if you don't. As for me I don't think the question just isn't relevant.   I just hope God isn't the being I was told about in school.”
	“You have a problem with Catholicism?” Dr. Greek asked.
	“I have a problem with the school I went to. I've heard other Catholic schools are less severe. I've heard they don't beat and humiliate people for minor infractions of the rules. I've heard they allow people free time to think, rather than an endless chore of prayer, catechism, school, mass and confession. 
	“But I think there are some similarities.”
	“Like what?” Dr. Greek asked, trying to hold a straight tone.
	“Well, you come out of those schools two ways. You end up prim and proper for the rest of your life or you just get really good at breaking the rules.”
	“I take it you experienced the latter,” Dr. Greek replied, trying to appeal to her pride.
	“Most certainly,” Samantha said smugly. “The school had too many girls for separate rooms. Everything was one big bunk.”
	“That explains the tiny apartment and the hair,” Electra added.
	“I wouldn't interrupt the lady with the gun, though you are spot on. I hate sleeping in open spaces. In any case, the bad girls developed a system. Most conversations about plans occurred in the bathroom. One the priests bought the whole stereotype of women having weak bladders so it was almost always his class where plans where discussed.”
	“What kind of plans?”
	“Pranks to play on the nuns mostly. Sometimes a girl would sneak in a magazine we weren't supposed to read. In a blue moon a girl might risk bringing in contraband music. We'd drop notes to each other and in a fortnight every “bad” girl had gotten a chance to consume some contraband. Usually it was just girly magazines. They didn't interest me much, except being forbidden. I learned to break the rules in a more subtle way.”
	“Go on,” Dr. Greek urged, glad his voice didn't crack.
	“I lied. I lied through my teeth. During confession. I confessed to things entirely made up. The priest bought every word. It started when I was twelve, I'm naturally mischievous. I'd talk about how guilty I felt for thinking things that I didn't actually think. You see, when you go to confession in such an enclosed environment, you can't lie about your actions. The priest knows if you've gotten in trouble. But they can't guess your thoughts. I suppose no one can know your thoughts which was kind of the thrill.
	“One night I got the idea to start 'confessing' to being attracted to women—my classmates and my teachers. I always made a big huff about feeling so guilty, but I wanted boys and knew it. At one point I got the idea to say I got turned on by having the nuns spank me for being bad, especially in class. I thought I'd never get away with it. I was young and didn't know lots of people fantasize about spanking. In any case, I told them there was one teacher I didn't feel any attraction towards—the nice one. 
	“And I think the priests must have talked with my parents... because they set me up with a lot of blind dates when I went home for summer. Free food and movie with a guy was no problem for a straying homosexual. Of course I always pretended to be miserable afterwards. 
	“Of course at that age I couldn't help but brag about how much attention I got from the boys over the summer. I taught my friends to kiss guys with their tongues and nibble their ear lobes, that kind of thing. Well this one girl thought I was making up stories. She was one of those meeker girls who didn't think a girl could constantly lie to a priest. I got dared to prove it. 
	“So of course my status as bad girl was at stake. I was just a kid in a strict crappy school, I couldn't put the one thing I really loved doing in jeopardy. So I got the nerve to do something really risky. After many bathroom discussions I put a camera in the confession booth. I was a bad, bad Catholic. That's blaspheming against the sacraments. So when I got in that booth I had something to prove and laid it on thick. I talked about my 'nun spanking fantasies'. I just wanted proof for my friends before the tape was destroyed. But I concealed the camera on the priest's side... and I caught him masturbating! He was let go, and no girl dared speak about how the camera got there... and there were threats.”
	“It was that day that I realized something. I realized how convenient it was to make us feel bad about our natural sexual appetites and then have them confess our feelings to a priest. I realized it was just another way for them to get us to behave the way they wanted us to. So I started doing what any sexually deprived girl would do... I started masturbating. I got other girls to do it too. I just told them that if they felt bad about doing it they could just confess afterwards. Well, after what happened to the last priest not a word was spoken. So yes... I am wondering what my old schoolmates will be like next March.” 
	“Hehehe... here I am telling you my teenage masturbation stories. You're excellent interrogators.”
	“I do try.” Dr. Greek mentioned smugly.
	“Ok, so I was making a point with that indulgence. That entire school was built from top to bottom to make us 'good Catholics'. Girls who believed that everything we told was good was good, and everything we told was bad was bad. They didn't want us to question our spirituality. They wanted us to be pious subservient girls. So they kept us isolated from everything that would allow us to question what we were being told. We memorize catechisms so we wouldn't have to think when we had spiritual questions. We spent so much time in mass and prayer that we didn't have time to think. We spent all our time in school memorizing so that we wouldn't know what real learning is. I screwed it all up by touching myself because my body kept telling me what I was being told wasn't true. It's hard to argue with an orgasm. 
	“The summer after I graduated I lost my virginity to an atheist and the deprogramming began in full. I came to understand while God can exist, and for many people He does, I wasn't being taught religion in my school. I was being mentally manipulated. I went off to school to get a bachelor's in psychology. Then I got my master's, specializing in social psychology. I realized that humans spend so much time in organizations that it's a dominant theme in their life. 
	I started doing organizational psychology for businesses, helping them reorganize to work more efficiently. After escaping twelve years of an inefficient organization structure when I left high school, I knew how to make rules and get people to follow them. I consulted for a number of business and made a fair living at it. Then I got offered a huge position for a political campaign. That was an eye opener. 
	“I did what I was good at—I cut down on in fighting inside the organization. I also watched how the major campaigns think. They put just as much effort in controlling the “truth” about their candidate as I'd ever seen in school, and the representative I was working for got elected. 
	“The campaign staff was really impressed with my work so I suddenly started getting huge offers from lobbying firms—the firms that control the country. It's ingenious. I absolutely love the think tanks. They search through public policy to see how the government is getting in the way of their client's making money. 
	“A lot of the times it's because of politician's unwillingness to support an unpopular idea. So the client finds a number of these lobbying firms and think tanks which do a lot of different things. Some pour over state law, some publish independent scholarly publications, some run media campaigns, some advise political candidates. Over time a policy gets chipped away and some loophole or clever euphemism takes its place. And people don't even know it's happening, because all these organizations, which are supposedly independent, are quietly controlling public perception of truth. 
	“What so few people understand is that the basis of American and corporate prosperity is the systematic eradication of truth. A lot of people get stuck in the details. I'm on so many NGO boards to make sure everyone's pointed in the right direction.”
	Samantha paused for one moment. Her expression was one of pure glee, “Do you think I've done well enough for HADES to offer me a promotion? I'd be so proud of myself.”
	“You've obviously done some extraordinary things.” Dr. Greek answered. 


The Hidden Refuge of the Gnostics


	Dr. Greek and Electra walked down an air conditioned corridor on the 8th floor of the government office building to meet Mr. Rangavis.
	“I'm glad our trip was planned this time Electra,” Dr. Greek muttered at her. “I don't fancy being castrated by a shotgun this time around.”
	“Just stay in character alright? Dr. Greek is your pseudonym, and you're an agent for a nebulous antiquities organization.”
	“And you're the archivist.”
	The pair stopped outside of Rangavis' office. “Dr. Rangavis, director.” Dr. Greek uttered. “Funny it doesn't say what he's director of.”
	“Maybe he doesn't know. Come on.” Electra knocked on the door.
	“Come in.” Was the reply. 
	The pair walked in to a defensive businessman.
	“I thought you said you'd be coming alone.”
	“Did I neglect to mention my archivist, Alexandra?”
	“Yes. Yes, you did. She is... civilian right?”
	Dr. Greek chuckled falsely. “Alexandra, he's worried you're a warrior.”
	Electra looked down as if embarrassed. 
	“I'm just a librarian. Dr. Greek has a great deal of papers to keep in order.”
	“You work for Dr. Greek?” He asked warily.
	“Yes that's me. My client is wondering where that confiscated harp went to. It was a significant investment.”
	“It was a lyre. I'm sorry for the confusion. My agency lead me to believe the discovery of that lyre constituted a breach.”
	“No, its release was authorized.”
	“A breach?” Electra asked, alternately looking at Alexandros and the floor like a meek bookworm.
	“You must forgive my assistant. She keeps records well but isn't in on the full scope. You'll have to explain to her what a breach is.”
	“A breach is when an object from the land of the dead is recovered by someone living.”
	“But I thought nothing escaped from the land of the dead.” Electra responded. With a pause she wondered if the comment might have compromised her ignorant academic status.
	“That's quite right. But... seeds sprout from the ground. They don't leave the underworld, not completely, but they renew and give life to the world above. A breach, to put it simply, is much like a seed that's been dug up after being planted. It was indicated to me that Orpheus' lyre had been prematurely removed before its time.”
	“Obviously we have two parties in disagreement. Why does your agency think it isn't time for this artifact?”
	“Once science has been removed from its stronghold as the source of truth in our age, the world will need artifacts. The rejection will be massive, so truly wondrous objects will be necessary.”
	“Why should the world reject science?” Electra asked. 
	“Well, not science exactly. More like... the faith that technological innovation will improve our lives indefinitely. That things like art and culture are playthings and distractions. That work is the relentless pursuit of complete efficiency and productivity. Ideas such as these. Our glorious civilization has already set off a mass extinction event, and things are only getting worse.”
	“Hmm... my boss has some... questions for you.” Dr. Greek stated.
	“Who do you work for?”
	“The Mediterranean Collective.”
	“I've never heard such a thing.”
	“They coordinate retrieval of necessary objects.”
	“What did the Collective want the lyre for?”
	“I'm supposed to say, 'I'm not authorized to speak on that subject.' Honestly I don't know. But there have been odd events occurring. You've heard of the Jellyfish incident in Kavala?”
	“No.”
	“Good. The Collective has been trying to keep things under wraps. But we lack some information. Your agency has done a good job at staying hidden until now.”
	“Hidden?”
	“The Collective doesn't know how far back you've been operating.”
	“Oh, well... a great deal of that is secret. Obviously you can't run an organization such as this without significant funding—and since we don't report to any military or intelligence agencies we can't be getting the money from classified government programs either. The theory I subscribe to is it was founded by a conspiracy after the discovery of some prominent ancient artifact, like the Rosetta Stone.”
	“Well it's obviously not the Nag Hammadi library. You released that of your own accord,” Electra blurted out.
	“How could you know that?”
	Electra blushed, “That's the thing I work on. Most of my archiving deals with those documents.”
	“Yes. The Nag Hammadi library wasn't found by accident as the common account goes. They were leaked.”
	“Why?”
	“There were numerous calculations, but the idea to release the documents specifically began after the Soviets repelled the Germans in World War II.”
	“So the Cold War must have had something to do with it,” Dr. Greek responded.
	“La Belle Epoque, 1870-1914. During this time a devastating delusion broke out. In those 44 years there had been no major European war. People talked about the world being too civilized to need to resort to war, and now it was 'White Man's Burden' to bring civilization to the rest of the world. People believed this crap, even though the world of that age was littered with empires struggling amongst themselves for dominance over the globe. World War I smashed the Austria-Hungarian Empire and the Ottoman Empire. World War II smashed the German, Japanese, French, and English Empires. With the prospect of an atomic World War III against the two remaining empires: American and Russian, it was decided something needed to be done.” 
	“So, you released Gnosticism?” Dr. Greek asked in disbelief.
	“World War II was so heavily influenced by ideology. The fascist ideology of a master race, the communist ideology of a collectivist utopia, a capitalist ideology of freedom and markets... 
	“America was a huge concern, running as it does on three ideologies at once.”
	“Three ideologies?”
	“Yes. democracy, capitalism, and Christianity.”
	“And you were seeking to cast doubt on Christianity.”
	“I didn't make the decision. I think the concept was to open up ideas about what Christianity is. Amongst the ideology thrown to the American public was that the communists were godless. Religious fear helped the US propaganda efforts. It was hoped maybe the reintroduction of Gnosticism might start getting people to ask some serious questions. I'm glad of the affect that the library had, but it didn't do what it was supposed to. The non-canon gospels didn't change much, and it didn't do so because of doctrine.”
	“How so?”
	“Doctrine is an unflinching response that something is true. That lack of response: no fear, no doubt, no questioning is all wrapped together. And Protestant doctrine in America is the absolute textual accuracy of the King James Bible. Some denominations are absolutely insistent that it is literal truth. But there are other denominations that act a little different. You can bring up known basic facts about the Bible: that our current gospels were written decades after Jesus' death by human beings in languages indecipherable to an English speaking Christian in contemporary times and subject to serious errors in translation. The members of these denominations will listen to what you have to say, and if they have some education regarding the history of the Bible they will agree with you. But, and here's the important point: most people will go back to living their lives as though the Bible still maintains all the authority that you just questioned. What you get is not denial, but disinterest. The believer has learned not to ask questions. 
	“So the release of documents that demonstrated the extent to which Catholicism wiped out Gnosticism as legitimate Christianity didn't really bother most people. Getting people to actually give up doctrine—the belief in the absolute truth of something is a wrenching process. Best to approach them with stories, which requires a suspension of disbelief.
	“That's why famous myths and stories endure. They give us truth to live by outside of our beliefs in real life examples instead of abstractions. That was why those Gospels didn't have the effect that the organization was hoping for, although I am glad for the discovery of the texts all the same.”
	“Fascinating,” Electra responded. She and Dr. Greek stood in awkward silence. They couldn't quite make out how much suspicion they'd raised as a result of their inquiries. Dr. Greek had handled himself a bit better than Electra, but it seemed now was the time to bow out.
	“Supposing you changed your mind against the harp, err... lyre. How might I get a hold of you, or your superiors if the decision isn't in your hands?”
	“It isn't in my hands, and it's all classified. But here's my business card.”
	Dr. Greek pulled a standard business card from Alexandros' hand. “Thank you.” Dr. Greek and Electra hurried out the office. Though they tried to maintain a normal pace, they were eager to leave the building before Alexandros had any doubts or made any phone calls to superiors that would lead to being picked up by security. But the pair left the building without incident.
	They walked several blocks before boarding a bus. 
	Electra turned to Dr. Greek, “I can't do this any more,” she whispered.
	“You're giving up?”
	“No, not giving up. These god damn infiltration missions. Military bases, unhinged shotgun wielders, interrogating directors of shadow agencies... I've got a daughter.”
	“Why the change of heart? You're a hacker.”
	“And will continue to be one I might add.”
	“Aren't you worried about being traced?”
	“I do all my hacking on a virtual machine. It doesn't leave a trace on the hard drive.”
	“That's why that computer search didn't find anything.”
	“Right. Proxy servers, disposable email addresses, coded message boards, uncompromised administrator passwords... I can plan this all in advance. You came off so convincing in that office. The Mediterranean Council?”
	“Collective. The stranger and more complex the acronym the more people tend to believe it. Look, I still need your computer skills.”
	“Why?”
	“I still consider myself an auditor. I think you should continue hacking Alexandros.”
	“Ok. But I'm only going to help you in private from now on. How long have you been after HADES?”
	“Some time.”
	“Do you get the feeling that you're walking to your grave?”
	“I can't sit still on this Electra.”
	“Why?”
	“Ancient Greece is part of a story... it's 2500 years old. When I was teaching introductory Greek at the university I was just a spectator... no I was waiting in line at the ticket counter. Now I'm a character in that story and it means everything to me.”
	“Everything?” Electra looked Dr. Greek in the eye, and drew her lips tight.
	“I um...” Dr. Greek sputtered. “Things have happened so fast. You and Cora...”
	Electra took Dr. Greek's hand in hers. 
	“I can't remember life without you.” 
	Electra kept her gaze steady. She'd caught him off guard, and it seemed like he didn't know what to do next. 
	“This is the part where I stop talking isn't it?” Dr. Greek stated. 
	“Yes.”
	Dr. Greek gave Electra a soft kiss on the forehead. 
	“Keep going Dr. Greek.”
	“Don't be impatient. You've been written into my life now. I'm just seeing it for the first time,” then he kissed her on the cheek, then the lips. “Everything's happened so fast, and whatever it is, it's quite important. I wasn't thinking about how things would turn out afterwards, but I would prefer to stay with you, after all is said and done.” Dr. Greek withdrew.
	“Cora's father...”
	“I did ask about him didn't I?”
	“He was a hacker too. But he was too ambitious. He tried to crack a bank database.”
	“Make off with a fortune.”
	“No, he wasn't that kind of man. Almost all the world's money is in computers now, and for better or worse money is what we use to distribute the world's resources. Anyone with access to those computers...”
	“Has his grip on the pulse of the world.”
	“Yes, and that pulse is encrypted. It is guarded by large, prime numbers, secret to everyone but the two parties.”
	“Unless compromised by a hacker. What bank was it?”
	“He said it was 654. It hadn't even been assigned a name. I don't know how they traced the hack back to him. Luckily, we weren't living together then. He just disappeared. Life's pulse is a funny thing. I never got the opportunity to tell him I was pregnant. He might still be detained somewhere, the hope all driven out of him, and he doesn't know he has a beautiful daughter.”
	“I'm not him.”
	“I don't expect a replacement. But HADES—it could be anything, like 654. I'll never know.”
	“Look, about HADES. Remember that strange computer? The directive was for us to be auditors of the two people we've seen. And I know why. There's something wrong with the world. The pulse of life on secret computers? Only accessible to a few? How can a society persist in such ignorance?”
	“How do you intend on mitigating it?”
	“There's something in those stories I've been told. Maybe I haven't gone into the details of the sinking of Atlantis, the scribes of the pyramids, the Tower of Words as I should have. Our stories provide us the guidance we need. But whatever story we're wrapped up in isn't over. There's some final step. I can't see what it is, but if I reach for it I can feel it just outside the length of my arm. I think some more hacking of Rangavis' correspondence will lead the way.”


The Mistress of Seeds

	Electra and Dr. Greek opened the door to Cora fiddling with Electra's computer. 
	“Cora?” Electra asked startled, “why aren't you with the sitter?”
	“I ran away.”
	“Ikes. I better call at once.”
	“Don't worry,” Cora told her mother calmly. “I sent her an email.”
	Electra looked over at the computer and looked back to Dr. Greek. I can't believe I left the computer on! Cora did you go into mommy's email?”
	“Who's Mr. Rangavis?” she asked—though it sounded more like a demand.
	“Cora, you know you're not supposed to get into my secret box.”
	“But you said only mommies get secret boxes, and...”
	Something dawned on Dr. Greek that should have been considerly more obvious. The way he and Electra had worked together in tandem so well must have made Cora believe Dr. Greek was her father. 
	Dr. Greek peered over what Cora had been reading.

	Dr. Rangavis. In response to your query about the Mediterranean Collective. It is an absurdity, most likely the invention of Dr. Greek's mind. You did well in bringing it to my attention. I will remind you that you did offer classified information which is an infraction taken quite seriously. However, you only revealed SENSITIVE information to two people that were authorized to hear it. However, the presence of Dr. Greek and his “assistant” who is in reality a computer hacker named Electra Samaras was not cleared either to be in your office or the building. That however, you needn't fret about. The security camera footage will be all that's needed to locate the pair, specifically Dr. Greek.
	Samaras is a minor threat to Hades' interest but is under protected status. Dr. Greek, on the other hand, is of highest importance and must be apprehended immediately. 

	Dr. Greek looked down into Cora's longing eyes and wet his pants. It was true he'd faced starvation in the Greek streets, indefinite military detention, and stared down the barrel of a 12 gauge shotgun. But now lay the possibility of losing a wife and a child...  Electra was likely in her early thirties and he certainly had a weakness for Greek ladies. Cora was an extraordinary child and Dr. Greek couldn't help but wonder how she might respond to a baby brother or sister.
Not that Dr. Greek and Electra had made any kind of... agreement—though he had been staying in her home for several weeks. 
	“They're going to find me Electra,” Dr. Greek looked down into her eyes. “I might as well meet my fate directly.”
	“You do what you have to.”Electra opened up a chest of drawers next to her computer and pulled out a cell phone, a screw driver, and some kind of electrical circuit. “Here, take this phone. It can be traced.”
	“What will you do if I don't return?”
	“I don't know. Travel if you can. I'll know if you're still alive.”
	Dr. Greek looked down at Cora, who was crying. “Be brave Cora,” he consoled. “It's all you can do when you don't know what's going to happen.
	Cora nodded, and Dr. Greek went quietly out the door to meet his fate. He took the bus and doubled back to the office building Rangavis had been in. Under the circumstances it hadn't occurred to him to change his pants and when he reached the building he ducked into the nearest shop he could find to correct the matter. 
	He then went brazenly back into the office and asked the main secretary for Rangavis. She pushed a few papers around and made the comment, “He's in the Theatre. Take the fire escape stairs down to the basement.”
	“Won't an alarm sound?”
	“It's been deactivated.”
	“I see...” The situation had all been laid out for him. Just take the fire exit to the lower floor and find the theatre. It was likely that it would Rangavis' boss he would meet, though he wasn't quite sure why he should be in a theatre. The Greeks were known for their theatrical traditions but it did seem odd to have a theatre in an office building.
	Upon finding the fire exit Dr. Greek did take the precaution of not being seen going inside. He didn't know if this action was really necessary. Behind the closed door his mind began racing about what he was to say to this person he had yet to meet. He couldn't stop dwelling on the meeting taking place in a theatre. 
	Theatre in ancient Greece heavily drew on its mythical traditions—but always with some new twist. The ancient tragedians were rewriting the old stories and letting citizens experience them as real stories happening in the present. Each generation needed new stories, which the theatre provided. The renewal of the direct experience of tragedy, heroism, and comedy—it now seemed to him the pulse of life.
	The pulse of life? He knew he'd heard that phrase before and recently. In any case, he felt a meeting with someone intimately connected to the pulse of life was imminent, and a man in a dark suit soon came out of a dark room that seemed to be flickering with shadows.
	“Dr. Greek?” the man questioned.
	“I'm on my way,” he hurried down the hallway. He didn't want to wait much longer. 
	“You must be anxious to meet her,” The man remarked. “You're an orphan, are you not?”
	“How would you know that?” Dr. Greek asked.
	“And unmarried.”
	“Yes.”
	“I've been watching a film about you. I can see why she beckoned you.”
	“She?”
	“Your whole life you've been isolated. She can related to that.”
	“Who?”
	The man in the suit said nothing further and took Dr. Greek to a polished black elevator and pressed the button to its right. Dr. Greek looked over at it. They we on the basement floor, but there was up button. He stood watching it for a while. It seemed to flicker, but that could have been an illusion for staring at it so long. 
	"Is it broken?" Dr. Greek inquired.
	"This elevator doesn't break. But it services many floors. It should along."
	"There are... many basements in this building?"
	"Oh yes." The stranger smiled. Dr. Greek looked back down the hallway curious at the theatre he had simply walked by. Then he noticed the stranger's near deathly appearance, he imagined that like Gnosa his visage might shift depending on the situation.”
	"This is the entrance to HADES?"
	"An entrance. Every hole in the ground is an entrance to Hades if someone is buried in it."
	"Where are you taking me?"
	"Taking? You arrived here entirely of your own free will, and after the result of much effort I am told."
	"Then where are we going?"
	"I am taking you to see my mistress, Persephone. She has been waiting for you."
	The magnamity of the situation hit home for Dr. Greek. He was terrified. "I hope I haven't kept her waiting too long."
	The servant burst into laughter. 
	"I'm sorry?" Dr. Greek asked, confused.
	"The idea that a mortal could try Persephone's patience is too much. She waits to emerge every season, every epoch. I doubt your concerns have troubled her much. But don't mistake yourself. She does want to see you."
	"I see. The Goddess herself. This is something of an honor."
	"I'm glad you think so. You're a professor of the classics. I'm sure you understand what a harsh mistress she can be."
	"Oh yes."
	"And you'll only be meeting twice. The second time will not be nearly as pleasant as the first."
	"Oh I suppose not..." Dr. Greek chuckled.
	"It is good you have some humor on these matters. She once confessed to me she finds the constant damning of her presence to be tedious."
	The elevators doors slid open.
	"This is of course your chance to turn back. Even when Persephone intends to let go, seeing her can be scarring."
	"No. I've been straining my eyes for years to see her, and in ignorance and confusion. I'll not back down now that my vision is clear."
	"Excellent. This way sir." The servant guided Dr. Greek into the the neatly polished elevator. Dr. Greek walked in.
	"This must be an entrance for the living only. I couldn't imagine you could get the stench of death out if it wasn't."
	"Death is only odorous during the transition. Once you've returned to dust the smell is gone,"
	Dr. Greek turned round and looked at the elevator buttons, arranged in a square, twelve by twelve. One hundred and forty four white basement buttons. To the right was an unmarked red button.
	"Shall I push the red button?" Dr. Greek inquired.
	The servant pushed the button for the bottom floor. "No. That is the button you press when you return, when you reenter the elevator, alone."
	"You cannot bring people back up?"
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"Rules and regulations. It's stipulated in contract. Servants are strictly forbidden from removing anything from this place. Only priests and priestesses are allowed the honor, and from direct verbal order of the Goddess alone."
	The numbers on the elevator began ascending on the elevator began sinking. Servants with strict rules, Dr. Greek began thinking, polished elevators with numerologically signficant buttons, it was a rather elaborate method of getting him here.
	"Floor 144." The servant motioned. The room was solid white marble with a single burning torch in a corner, a dim light in a cavernous room. Dr Greek entered, the elevator closed and the room was silent.
	"Persephone?"
	"Yes?" A female voice responded. It was a sweet, lusty voice even a woman in the midst of pure orgasm could not make. The room seemed to spin and spill out with color. But it was not the room that had revolved, it was Persephone's robe: a solid black cloak covering her entire body. It was so dark even her thick, Greek black hair stood out against it, for the luster of her hair reflected some of the light of the room which was painted with figures floor to ceiling."
	"Dr. Greek, I see. The scrolls I borrowed from my husband seemed to have done the trick."
	"The ones on Atlantis? Did that island kingdom really exist?"
	"Exist? How so? As historical fact or as ancient legend? I've seen your television programs. You must have some ideas on the subject."
	"Very clever," Dr. Greek glanced about, to see if perhaps there was some image of Atlantis painted amongst the rooms. 
	At first nothing looked familiar. Then his eyes spotted an iconic image: the figure of the Egyptian goddess Isis.
	"I'm sorry but is that a picture of Isis?" Dr. Greek pointed to the wall.
	"Yes, that's me, pulling together the body of my husband and brother after his murder."
	"What do you desire? You brought me here."
	"Desire? The Gods do not desire. And I did not bring you here. I only beckoned."
	"To what purpose?"
	"For my purpose. My husband, Hades is responsible for separating the dead from the living, and this is kingdom. That is why he is here. I rejuvenate the world of living. That is why I am here. I will be returning, as I am Persephone." she explained, lifting a finger. "If you'll indulge me..."
	She began to approach Dr. Greek. She came closer and closer, though she did not seem to walk towards him. Dr. Greek only sensed her getting bigger and bigger, until she appeared as a mother does to her infant. She turned her face just slightly and kissed him. He breath was as terrible as his thoughts could endure, the very essence of rotting, with a strong trace of fermented pomegranate and vinegar. Her presence then retreated, and she appeared to him again as a human woman in a black dress. Dr. Greek watched as she puckered her lips and slightly exhaled. "Forgive me. I am quite cold in this place, and you are still warm. It is my right I believe, to receive a favor from you after I've given you so much."
	"Favor? Didn't you say you called me her for your purposes?"
	"Yes, there is that. But your mother had a nice little pomegranate between one of legs, and one of the seeds sprouted did it not?"
	"Oh. Well thank you."
	"It is what I do, though ordinarily I do it alone."
	"You require my aid?"
	"Require is not the right word, but it will do for now. You are mortal, and do not fully understand just how profound death really is. It is not just living things that die. Civilizations die. Secrets die. Beliefs die. When a human is extinguished from this world, their knowledge goes with them. Truth, in a certain sense dies."
	"The truth of memory."
	"Yes. The truth of memory. And when it disappears, my husband keeps it here, in the land of the dead, forever. But truth is not alive quite the same way that a human being is alive. It can be killed by a falsehood."
	"Happens all the time."
	"Yes, you humans are quite adept at lying, well, telling small lies anyhow. But something is happening quite beyond the grasp of any individual human."
	"Then how do you propose to explain."
	"Explain? Again not the right word. Kiss. Like I did just now."
	"That was quite a kiss of death believe me Persephone. You needn't do it again. Please."
	"Just a kiss, my dear doctor. I intend for you to return alive and sane. But you must have an inkling of what is happening in your time. Reality is the totality of truth. When every truth is replaced by a lie reality begins to crumble. Reality begins to die. I cannot fully explain what is means to you for reality to die. You would go insane. Just as when I embrace you fully, and not just with a kiss, you will die. Kiss is the right word. It's the right word for what happened in your office, and it is right for our date."
	"Reality is dying."
	"Is a certain sense yes. But it is being put in the care of my husband, who keeps the dead away from the living. It is being put in my hands, who returns the dead to the living, by way of new life. I am the goddess of agriculture. I care for seeds. I find seeds ripe enough to fruit, and let them emerge from the ground.
	"But not all seeds are ripe enough to fruit. I have to pick from among them. So when I send for someone, I only give them what I think is enough for them to reach me of their own accord. You have done that, and thenceforth I will deliver you from the land of the dead rather than offer you to my husband."
	"Goddess Persephone?" A voice seem to come from the wall. 
	"Excuse me Dr. Greek." Persephone turned and again the room returned to that black state with the single torch.
	"Yes, Winter Di Bacco?"
	"Chloe Ingram is here to see you."
	"Already? I'm impressed. You have done well."
	"It honors me to be your priestess."
	"Winter Di Bacco? 'Of Bacchus' God of the theatre."
	"Yes, Dionysis. 'Winter of the Vineyard'. Amusing name for a priestess of mine. A promising child of gypsy fortune tellers."
	"What happened to her?"
	"She died of typhus in Hungary when she was three. My husband acquired quite a few bodies from that time in Europe. I convinced him to part with one. She's one of my priestesses. She may return to the living to carry out my will, but is bound to return, as I am. She's quite clever. I asked her to lure a counterpart of yours here. She will soon be doing what you will be doing. You have never met and you never will... No. I think I'll give you glance. A face to go with a name. 
	Dr. Greek raised an eyebrow at her. "You want me to tell the real story of Atlantis. Not the history, the legend. The story of Atlantis that was a society of technology far beyond reckoning of the ancients. They sank forever because they cared so much for the sky when they should have cared for the sea. That's what you're 'luring' me to do?"
	"Yes."
	A gentle ding startled Dr. Greek and he flew around. He caught his breath a bit. He went to look at Persephone but her robe had left the room dark again. The elevator door opened and Dr. Greek saw a young woman in yellow pajamas. 
	"Where is Antonia Di Bacco? I was told she was here."
	"Yes. She's waiting for you," Dr. Greek responded. "When you're finished speaking, get back in the elevator and press the little red button."



The Numerlogist Can’t Stop the Bees


	Men in high prices suits carrying leather briefcases walked to the right tower of the 12th century castle—the office simply known as FARM. It had been renovated from a castle in Belgium of obscure origins. The renovation was made possible by FARM”s runaway business model providing high quality honey. The problem had been the bee’s behavior. They naturally made honey in circles in alternating combs. Honey output was greatly increased when the bees were induced to make hives in spirals. Now the businessmen were here to listen to a prominent numerologist about getting the bees to conform to the golden spiral—a mathematical perfection, long know to distinguished mathematicians as an ideal, a mathematical constant. Previous spirals had not been mathematically perfect. FARM had only recently developed the technique and it only stood to reason that it could be improved with mathematics and engineering. 
	The men all sat down to the castle’s old banquet table and the meeting began.
	“Now,” the numerologist began, “We all know that bees make comb-like structures to store honey rather than produce it. Meanwhile the queen mates with the drone to ensure enough eggs are laid for the colony’s continual survival. That’s how bees have done things throughout the centuries. But of course, when the bees can be induced to structure their hives in a spiral, the honey can easily be extracted for sale. The bees can survive on a chemical cocktail which you own the patents to. This is of course common knowledge to you all.”
	“Of course,” everyone seemed to nod their heads in agreement. 
	“Now, it stands to reason that the perfect spiral, the golden spiral, will produce the most honey from its mathematical perfection. But how do we induce the bees to do this? Our techniques are imperfect. But it stands to reason that if we simply find the right number, that is a mathematical constant, it will lend the bees to naturally make honey according to that ratio.
	“Ow!” proclaimed one of the executives apparently for little reason. “Sorry,” he began, justifying his reaction. “Our hive farms are only a few miles away. One of those bees most have wandered off. Go on with your presentation,” the executive looked up, rubbing his arm.
	“You must be asking yourself, what is a mathematical constant? First you must understand irrational numbers. Most people are used to rational numbers, like 1, or 1.52 or 4/5. An irrational number is one that never shows a pattern. The most well known is pi. 3.1415 and on and on. The ending decimal places never show any type of pattern. But we know their properties. Pi is the ratio between a circle’s diameter and circumference. That ratio never changes, and pi becomes useful for an enormous array of mathematical applications. 
	The numerologist noticed a man growing quite fidgety with his tie. It irritated him for some reason, so he stopped and inquired what was the matter. 
	“It’s getting kind of hot. I thought we installed state of the art heaters in this old fortress.”
	“Yeah, another executive complained, “It is getting kind of stuffy.”
	“Strange,” the numerologist noted. Castles are generally set into the ground. They stay cool all the time. Well, I guess when you try to renovate things there’s bound to be kinks somewhere in the system.
	“Now, back to my point. What we need is a new mathematical constant. One that can find the variety of applications we see for pi, but applied to honey production, bee behavior, and an eventual golden spiral hive.”
	“Excuse me could you speak up?” another executive asked. “I’m having difficulty hearing.”
	The numerologist let out a groan from all these constant interruptions. He expected businessmen to be able to sit through board meetings that were uncomfortable.
	“Where’s your staff?” the numerologist complained. “Look, I get started talking on something and I want to finish. Have a staff member deal with all these complaints and I’ll take things up when he gets back.
	A staff member went to discuss the issues with maintenance, he returned with a look of terrible panic and uttered a single word, “Bees!”
	“What?” everyone turned around to look at him.
	“Bees,” he repeated, regaining some of his senses. “The castle is surrounded by bees.”
	“What do you mean, surrounded?“ another executive asked. 
	“Can’t you hear them?”
	The atmospherics in the boardroom turned sinister. Everyone in the room had grown accustomed to office environments with low rumbling noises. Computers, servers, finger tips at keys, active printers. Now that someone pointed it out it all became quite clear. There were no office supplies in the board room. Those were wing beats.
	Commotion stirred in the boardroom. It was true there was a hive farm a few miles away, and bees occasionally did breach the castle. But it was nothing a little bug spray couldn’t handle. It was clear now that they were swarming outside the castle. But for what purpose no one could ascertain. 
	One of the executives tried to take control of the situation. Something seriously wrong had gone on at the hive farm, and its numerous staff of scientists and bee keepers must be trying to contain the damage. They just needed to tell the hive farm that they might need to evacuate them. He went for his cell phone. But he kept getting static. The board room feared the worst. There might be so many bees that they couldn’t get cell reception, which was terrifying because the whole room carried cell phones that didn’t drop calls.
	The numerologist began his presentation anew. “Obviously there’s been some problem in your operations. If the bees rejected an imperfect spiral, their behavior could be predictably erratic. Now as I was saying…”
	The swarm kept getting louder and louder. The air in the room had acquired a caustic quality. No one could explain it other to feel that something was getting sucked out of the room. Every executive panicked in their own minds. But the numerologist seemed fearless. There was no way they could escape a swarm of bees if they truly had surrounded the castle. The board room instructed maintenance to scout out the problem and then to seal the airways to keep the bees out but to maintain circulation. 
	“A number of mathematical constants can be derived through an infinite series. This includes many of the great constants of mathematics. The golden ratio, the base of the natural logarithm, and pi all follow this pattern. I have a research team that can crunch numbers should this proposal win you over.” 
	The swarm kept increasing in intensity, but had not become deafening. The smell began to be as overriding as the roaring drone It had that sickening odor with a sinister sweetness, like sugar mixed with rotten meat. If was it was if the bee’s honey had become gangrenous and its residue was pouring into the castle. 
	“Of course these series are actually rather simple. We may need to look for one that’s complex. That’s why I’m recommending the use of infinite series software. We can take your data and then run numerous millions of infinite series to try to match your own data. That’s the beauty of numerology you see, interconnections that seem obvious can be revealed through numbers. You have an almost infinite number of directions you can pursue to increase honey production.”
	The numerologist began digging through some old tomes, classics on numerology that he was familiar with and might provide a beginning of avenue for research. 
	Meanwhile, an executive shouted “The bees are here!” and pointed to the ceiling. The executives all looked up to see a ceiling in movement that could only mean the bees were here. The executives dashed away in fear. Of course, these modified bees still reacted to the instincts that lay unaltered—that threats to the hive would be thrashing about and scream. Within minutes the executives were stung to death.
	The numerologist stood motionless and watched the scene in horror. He had proceeded with the conference under the notion that the company’s bee control system would take care of everything. From what little he knew about bees he did not understand why they would storm an area so aggressively so far away from their hive, unprovoked.
	“The spirals…” he muttered in epiphany. An unintended consequence of the bee’s new spiral building may have made the bees more aggressive, changing their instincts as to what they considered a threat to the hive. Now staff was all dying and the numerologist froze. “If only they would have made the spirals perfect before mass production.” He muttered to himself. But it did not matter. Soon a thousand pin pricks, burning like peroxide in a wound, overwhelmed his body, and his corpse dropped to the floor. 


The Garden of Treason


	Joshua ran his index finger down a wallet size photo, flipping it in unease, hoping the daughter in it would come to life. That she’d be in front of him like she was right after her dance recital, her sandy hair tied back, the tights fitting her nine year old frame—all glamour and smiles but most of all whole. He grit his teeth and tried to put the photo in his wallet without anyone seeing him.
	“Don’t put it away, Joshua,” Margot consoled, putting her warm hands on his shoulder and gently touching his neck with her soft fingers. “We all know it’s her birthday.”
	“Would be her birthday,” Joshua snapped.
	“You couldn’t have known.”
	“It was a dangerous place. We shouldn’t have been there. And it was all my idea.”
	“Whoever put that mine there intended for it to kill someone. It didn’t matter who or what or when. We can’t…”
	“Can’t what?”
	“Live our lives around someone else’s malevolence. Besides, isn’t your wife expecting?”
	“Yes. How did you know?”
	“Never take a woman’s information network lightly.”
	Joshua gently brushed Margot’s hand aside. “it’s a boy.”
	“I’m glad it’s not a girl.”
	“Why?”
	“Well, no one wants to grow up as the replacement daughter”
	“You’re right Margot. You…”
	“I?”
	“Never mind.”
	“The seeds are sprouting in square 37. You know that.”
	“Yes, I’m doing good, but did someone have to die for me to start this work? My daughter.”
	“There’s nothing I can say, is there?”
	“To think of a living flame being extinguished… But I guess she’d want her daddy to be happy. I’m sure she’d like a baby brother. Come on, let’s get back to work. It eases my mind. What combination of enzymes did we put in 37?”
	“Crpb, Cprh, Cpr8, and AChT(alpha).”
	“Good. I’ll get started writing our grant. Why don’t you crunch our numbers?”
	“Like popcorn,” Margot replied.
	“I’ll never get over that.” Joshua replied, watching Margot shuffle her glasses on her face, and looked at a screen of numbers. He could swear she wasn’t blinking. He sat down to write his grant.

	Copper is a heavy metal that generally poisons any plant life growing in contaminated soil. But certain rodent immune system genes are capable of surrounding copper particles, forming pustules of metal that can be shed by switchgrass. The ability to pull copper out of the soil has numerous potential applications including the lessening of the environmental impact of copper mines. If the application were to be possible with other metals, military battlefields could have their waste disposed of in a nearly effortless manner, merely by planting seeds and allowing them to suck metals from the soil….

	The grant text seemed to come hot off his fingertips, with a sort of ease and clarity that was rare. Creating a plant that would suck poison from the soil. So simple wasn’t it? The problem was, it was an idea that was inspired by his daughter’s death and that fact wouldn’t stop hounding him. He considered himself a rational person that could deal with his emotions but this weight remained an unmovable burden. 
	He turned to a frayed piece of paper in old folder of his where he wrote his thoughts when the pain of watching his daughter ripped to pieces had quieted enough to let him reflect. “I have known pain in my life but before today suffering seemed like something that happened in books and could be solved with thought and research. Now after seeing a living thing turn to dried blood, ashen earth, and fragments of shrapnel I realized the suffering of the world is not an idea. It is a fact. It wears down the human soul, The thing is not to make it go away, as I’ve wished it to for many a night. The thing is to bear the pain until you’re ready to heal.”
	The healing process wasn’t complete, but in its strange way it was working its course. He was, after all these years able to recapture the feeling that science could do some good in the world, after he’d lost faith in the intellectual for so long. Now problems solved in his lab would be sources of pride achieved rather than hassles overcome. 
	Now this anniversary of his daughter’s death was going to be different. He’d finish out the draft of his grant by early afternoon and he and his co-workers in the lab would settle down to continue a session of “monster chess”. This was a long standing game of chess that involved four players and five boards. One board started empty and in the center. Each other board was adjacent with a full set of pieces at the edge. This allowed for four players—teams really, since there were rarely exactly four players. 
	The crew at the lab, the professors and the students, had been at this game for some time. The endless number of truly puzzling combinations had kept things interesting both to the tenured professors like Joshua and Margot and the students they worked with. Like chess every mastery of the game opened another level of complexity. Some students picked up better than others, some colleagues had different takes on it. Some lovers, some haters, but everyone played because if you didn’t like the game you liked the players.
	Only one general rule seemed to dominate the flow of the game: the games were always best when Joshua and Margot were on opposing sides. Various players filled the other sides and teams, but they always started on opposite boards. Game play always seemed to break down otherwise. 
	Afterwards he’d go home, pour a glass of wine, have dinner and then maneuver his wife on their arm chair so that he could gently rest his head on her belly and feel his son’s first kick. 

	“I have a report back from the university.” Margot stated flatly.
	“About the project?” Joshua asked.
	“Yes, about the project.” Margot replied, then remained in silence.
	“What is it?”
	“The university is hesitant to release the study unless we patent the genes.”
	“What? No, absolutely not.” Joshua was emphatic.
	“If someone else were to do so...”
	“It’s our study isn’t it Margot? The genes have already been mapped before. Everyone knows they exist.”
	“I know. I don’t want to either. Quite frankly it’s a insult to science. We didn’t set out on this project to make money.”
	“But the university’s concerned about it, isn’t it?”
	“They do have to get the funds from somewhere Joshua. This is a research university.”
	“Patents are for inventions.” Joshua stated, more belligerent.
	“We did invent something. That switch grass is a new species. Well, it can still pollinate with its natural peers. But you know well as I that out in the wild they’ll speciate. One will make it in a new environment and change.”
	“But this... this is a living thing.”
	“Look, I’m not happy about the prospect. But consider the pros as well the cons. You’re only focusing on the negative.”
	“I won’t do it Margot.”
	“You can stand behind your feelings. I’m not trying to dissuade you, but it may be a moot point. We have six scientists on the team. I think, with so much money at stake, they’ll just pick one of our colleagues to go along with it anyway, put their name on the study—and the patent. If you want to continue your work…”
	“Margot. Stop.”
	“What is it? You seem unwilling to discuss something.”
	“Margot. Margot. Always so rational. Always discussing pros and cons.”
	“This is about Lillian isn’t it? Your eyes are so hard, I can’t imagine it being anything else.”
	“Yes. It’s her.”
	“You got involved in this project because you wanted to help. Our work could lead to some serious breakthroughs. I don’t care for the business of science any more than you do. But if we’re going to continue we might have to sacrifice a little principle now and again.”
	“You don’t get it. I can’t profit from my daughter’s death!”
	“But you don’t want the work to stop?”
	“No.” 
	“Then what do you intend to do?”
	“I don’t know. I suppose I could look at it from their point of view. My objections are emotional. The principles of science, respect for life, the danger of viewing a part of nature as something to be invented and modified without respect for its effect on the environment that’s my objections. On the other hand is cold hard cash. But I can’t put my name behind this.”
	“Then you leave your name off the study and the patent. But you still do the continuing work.”
	“Maybe.” 
	“I don’t understand. If you don’t want to profit but still want to work, what’s your reservation?”
	“You’re beautiful, you know that Margot?”
	“What?”
	“Those deep blue eyes of yours,” Joshua stroke down the side of her chin.”
	“Umm… Joshua. You’re married.”
	“No, I don’t mean it like that. I know this is isn’t rational, or reasonable by any objective measure but you.”
	“What is it? You’re beginning to frighten me.”
	“You’ll suffer me to continue won’t you? We’re friends. You do trust me.”
	“I’m afraid.”
	“That’s fine. You can be afraid of me.”
	“Not you…”
	“You look exactly the way Lillian did before she died.”
	“What do you mean by that?”
	“This isn’t easy for me to talk about, because I don’t understand it myself.”
	“Speak. Please. When we speak I don’t want to be afraid of this thing you’re feeling.”
	“Have you ever felt like you were marching to your own death?”
	“Umm...” Margot began, taken aback, “We do all die Jonathon.”
	“No, I mean like a chess pawn. You're marching towards that one final square, with the prospect of being promoted. But even if you become queen, no matter what level of movement opens up, you still can't get off the board...”
	“Joshua what are you talking about?”
	“I can't go through with the patent. Patents mean the seeds cost money, the whole purpose of the research was an inexpensive pollution clean up. I'm not going to be researching yet another environmental solution that's 'too expensive'. I've got students. I can still teach.”
	“I don't know how long you'll survive in a university setting without committing to research.”
	“Then I'll teach high school.”
	“This... might be goodbye.”
	“I'm sure we'll stay in touch.”

	Joshua picked up and read a text message from an unfamiliar number. MONSTER CHESS. It was the name of the game from the back at the lab. He hadn't played in over ten years. Joshua could only imagine it was from Margot, but couldn't imagine what would have possessed her to send it. They hadn't spoken in years. He called the number back.
	“Margot?”
	“Joshua.”
	“I’ve been trying to get a hold of you for years. You never returned my attempts, what’s happened?”
	“I need to hide Josh. Desperately.”
	“What’s the matter?”
	“I can’t tell you. Not… not over the phone. It has to be in person.”
	“Could it be so personal?”
	“Yes. And no.  I guess there’s a part of this story that wouldn’t bother you.”
	“It’s about the science isn’t it? You don’t want to tell me because you know how I might feel.”
	“Yes.”
	“Then what do you want from me?”
	“I need a place to hide. I did something dangerous, and I know they are looking for me.”
	“They are looking for you? Who's they?  Why do you think you’ll be safe with me?”
	“You’re my best bet. Will you help me?”
	“What do you want me to do?”
	“Can I hide at your place?”
	“How am I going to broach this to my wife? A woman I’ve not spoken to in nine years wants to stay in our house. You know she was always jealous of you, even though we’ve only ever been friends. And…”
	“Your anniversary is in two days.”
	“Yes. My anniversary is in two days. How the hell do I drop this bomb on her?”
	“You could use it to your advantage.”
	“Advantage?”
	“You know how she’d she the situation now. The wandering male is looking for an exciting new sex partner.”
	“Yes. That’s exactly how she’ll see it.”
	“So make her feel... special on your anniversary.”
	“You really think I can make Leslie feel that special? Margot, I’m not going to talk about our sex life, but we’ve been married for sixteen years and have had three kids. You can’t exactly make things special the way you could before the relationship got complicated.”
	“Oh I think you can. I’m about her age, and I still get horny.”
	“So do I, and I’m certain so does she. But getting in sync with two kids in the house isn’t easy. Besides, what if she wants a sweet, mild, “remember all the good times” kind of anniversary? Even more to the point, even if I made her feel like a sex kitten I think she'd still be jealous.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“She's never been able to articulate it. She even thinks her jealousy is uncalled for. But I know what it is. When two minds are working on the exact problem at the exact time there's a kind of intimacy that develops. It's not sexual at all, even if it's between lovers. It's two minds being in the same place at the same time. We live so much in our thoughts that that kind of connection is rare, and my wife isn't a biologist.”
	“So that's why Leslie never liked me. Is there some way to get around that? I'm in trouble, I need to disappear. Fast. I shouldn't have even stayed on the phone for this long.”
	“I can put you up in a motel for a couple of nights, if things are as bad as you say.” 

	Joshua had been right about his wife's mood regarding their anniversary. While they did arrange for sitters for his sons, most of the night was at home on the couch. They sat and watched the first Star Wars movie—the one they saw in theaters on an early date. They ate Mexican food on a table lined with African violets and made an awkward attempt at tango dancing—all details from previous anniversary adventures. 
	Joshua kissed his wife tenderly. He remembered the ups and downs of sixteen years of living together, and he thought back to his conversation with Margot. His wife had written her way into his heart. Biology did so often preoccupy his mind, but he and his wife shared something that he couldn't put in terms of science or logic. He didn't want to part with that.
	But he knew the connection might be in jeopardy. His wife might be able to listen to him about biology but she didn't understand the full details. Margot did, and now she was in desperation. And it wasn't just that either. Her coming back meant that top notch science he'd given up so long ago was back as well. He only wanted to help Margot, but he was afraid his wife might be right. That he'd be tempted to stray. He'd given up on a life of big science, and he couldn't help but wonder if he'd made a mistake.
	“Honey?” his wife asked. “Is something the matter? You look preoccupied.”
	“I was just thinking about you... and your present.”
	“Oh?”
	“It's a dress. You'll look beautiful in it. Here, let me get it.” Joshua had taken Margot's idea a little bit too much to heart. He'd gone out and gotten her a beautiful floral print dress, but a tad too small and tight and he knew it.
	Joshua handed his wife a box with a bow and she opened it.
	She took one look at it and proclaimed, “It's beautiful.” Then she pulled it out and cringed at its size.
	“Silk. It should feel wonderful against your skin. Try it on.” Joshua pretended not to notice his wife's discomfort.
	His wife, thinking her husband hadn't noticed her unease, acted like it didn't exist. But she still hadn't lost the weight from her second child and a dress like the one her husband gave her would put that one display completely. She went into the bedroom and hemmed and hawed about putting it on. If she felt unattractive the whole night would be ruined, but then the dress had been so wonderful that if she didn't put it on things would be ruined anyway. 
	The dress slipped straight on. She wasn't expecting that, generally wearing things to hide her figure. She walked outside the bedroom a did a slight spin for her husband.
	“You look absolutely beautiful. Everything is perfect. Well, almost.”
	“What's wrong?”
	“You're trembling.”
	“I'm not trembling.”
	“A hot sexy mama like you needs poise in a dress like that. Confidence.”
	“Honey I look fat.”
	Ouch. Things looked like they could go south at any moment. He didn't know why he trusted Margot on this point. She could barely get a date to save her life. Then he remembered this was his wife, in a hot dress, on their anniversary. He couldn't flinch on his plan.
	“I wouldn't want mama going hungry,” he replied, kissing her stomach. He started to kiss upward, until he got to her chest, he slipped the dress strap off, and loosened her bra. He took her nipples in his teeth, though didn't bite down. This was about as aggressive a move that would be appropriate in their love making—his wife took to biting him only in her most ecstatic moments. “You still don't think you're a sexy mama?”
	“No.”
	Joshua's heart almost exploded. The anxiety and the tension made the idea of not taking his wife right there almost unbearable.
	“Because my husband he...”
	Joshua looked up in terror.
	“He just doesn't lust after me any more. We make love but that desperate longing we sometimes had just isn't there anymore...”
	His wife had given him the green light and he knew it. Soon they were both naked and in carnal embrace, with her bent over the bedside and with him a hold of her wrists. He always felt penetration wasn't complete unless there was nothing for the woman to hold on to or brace herself against. He climaxed and let her slide down onto their bed face first. He collapsed right next to each other. 
	He laid down beside her. He lost sense of propriety in his speech and muttered, “There are just some things you can't teach high school students about biology.” 

	Joshua called in sick after his wife left for work with their sons. Margot had insisted on not talking over the phone, and that she had nowhere else to go. He'd left her just before the whole lab made it big. Maybe that success brought something she hadn't planned on. Upon arriving at the motel Joshua asked for Margot and was directed to room 106. 
	Joshua knocked at the door, but there was no answer. He thought the door would lock on the outside automatically, but upon inspection the door had been rigged not to. Joshua slowly opened the door.
	“Margot?”
	The door swung open, but he couldn't see anyone behind it.
	“Margot what's going on?” Joshua asked entering the apartment. No sooner than he'd gone completely through the doorway did it suddenly slam shut—from Margot charging her body into it. The door scraped Joshua on its way by and he turned to see Margot wielding a tire iron.
	“Are you alone?” she whispered.
	“Yes.”
	“You've got to help me Joshua!”
	“What is it? What couldn't you say over the phone?”
	“You were right to leave the research when you did Joshua. It's been... taken over by the military.”
	“The military? How? Why? What happened?”
	“Well, we engineered those plants that could pull copper from the soil, and we even discovered some better genes. The reclamation of lands barren from copper amidst the soil and water table is truly quite astonishing. But things went further than that.
	“We found out plants could pull out iron.”
	“It wasn't an isolated discovery.”
	“Well, as the lab continued we started putting those genes into more than just grass. We put it in all kinds of plants, so we could send them to any ecosystem.”
	“That’s good news.”
	“No. Joshua. No it isn’t. There’s more. We could get the plants to pull out mercury. And uranium.”
	“Terrible toxins. What happened?”
	“The military confiscated our research. Conscripted us to keep going.”
	“That’s not surprising. They leave a mess, and sure as hell could use some plants if they could do the cleaning.”
	“Well, sometimes… sometimes if it becomes to easy to clean up a mess, you encourage the behavior of the mess maker. The military wanted to deploy our plants to cover up the evidence of their covert operations. But something went wrong.”
	“What went wrong? I almost don’t want to know.”
	“They feed on metal  Joshua. They gobble it up like so many sugar cookies, and choke everything up. They breed beyond anyone’s control, like a conquering army. Every spot on the earth riddled with bullets, their soldiers land. And the stench they leave Joshua. One can barely stay sane when it hits your nostrils.”
	“So they made nasty air pollution, and you blew the whistle, is that it? Why you needed to hide?”
	“No. I did blow the whistle, but not about that. The smell could not be hidden much longer, and it would only be a matter of time before scientists discovered a plethora of non-native plants wherever it was found. That part posed little danger. The project, after all, was classified. I’m on the run because I let it slip, that anywhere these metallic gardens spread like disease, it was evidence of war.
	“War's a funny thing Joshua. It's easy to start a war. It's easy to get a soldier to fight. But to keep the home front to keep making human and material sacrifices one must hide the nature of war. Both its brutality and its extent. And when people could see the extent of conflict and the noxiousness of the plants the case for war erodes. 
	“You can’t know what these gardens are like Joshua. The scent of raw iron, mercurial puddles, and the foreboding sense of evil. The evil of war, Joshua, and everyone… who profits from it.”
	“Margot, I have a family. A wife and two wonderful sons.  Last night went better than I dreamed.”
	“That’s quite the gash on the back of your neck.”
	“Yes well we both got carried away. For the first time in a long while. It made me realize just how much I want my family. But my daughter is still gone. It’s for her that I listen.”
	“These plants seem almost human.”
	“Is humanity that irredeemable?”
	“No, that’s not what I meant. Give me some time to explain.”
	“You have all the time you’ll ever need.”
	“Each garden is like a battleground. They sprout around spewing munitions factories, industrial drainage pipes, neglected mines. Each plant pulls out a different metal, and each site has its own contamination. In places where the balance is roughly equal, the plants can display a certain civility. The iron trees cast their roots down like a wall and the taproot mercury plants that grow like cabbages around the tree suck out the mercury to let the iron trees flourish. 
	“But whenever the balance of toxins is unequal, they try to poison each other. The mercury plants will send out shoots like strawberries. And when there fruits grow so heavy, they fall and splatter the earth with quicksilver. Inevitably nothing else will grow there again. The shoots choke everything when the mercury is too high. 
	“And the rot… mercury doesn’t oxidize too quickly.”
	“We saw that, and made microbes to metabolize it, and the rot looks like vomit with the dull sheen of corrosion. A festering abscess is beautiful by comparison.”
	“What of the iron?”
	“It makes the trees as hard as steel. The wildlife that doesn’t know better, falls to the ground from the thousand tiny cuts it makes. The air makes the trees bleed red, then they collapse from the weight, like rusted bars. They make the soil hard as rock.”
	“And the copper?”
	“Grows as mats of hairs, like a metal moss, a steel wool, and on a windy day, floods the air with sparks. They’re recipes for brushfire.”
	“How again, are they so human?”
	“I told you. Each pollution site is like a battleground. The mercury plants will try to sneak along the ground and poison the soil, like every thief and cutthroat, They hide, multiple, and strike, like a sneak attack, like a murderer in the night, like cold vengeance. How often, in your mind, have you plotted in secret to avenge yourself?”
	“This is dark, Margot.”
	“Do you still want to hear?”
	“Yes. I have to know.”
	“As a scientist?”
	“No. Not from intellect. Not from curiosity. For my own health, I probably ought to shut my ears and tell to you leave, and never come back. But…”
	“Yes?”
	“I cannot live life in ignorance Margot. It makes my choices disingenuous. Continue.”
	“The iron trees, take their soil, by force. They grow their roots so relentless that nothing else can creep through. Then they spread their seeds on the wind. Little flecks of rust to build new fortresses. They take, and they never give.”
	“They’re acquisition. Possession. Once something is yours, it belongs to you forever.”
	“Yes.”
	“And the copper. The project I worked on?”
	“I saved, this one for last.”
	“Can it be so horrible?”
	“The green plants are attracted to them first. Photosynthesis, as you know, is the process of letting the sun free electrons to provide the energy to fix carbon. The copper, helps, at first. The plants explode, in abundance. But once the plant wraps round the wire, the synergy ends, and the copper sucks away all the electricity. Like a lover that chokes death the objection of her affection.
	“And that is the nature of war. It attacks first in secret, it takes without giving, and destroys the very things it ought to value.”
	“But war is not a thing, Margot, it is an activity.”
	“Hold me Joshua. I’ve seen too much. I tried to stay dispassionate, I tried to be a scientist. I thought my insights and my inventions could do some good in the world. But you’ve never seen the hardness in the eyes of the people I’ve worked with. Everything thing I invent, every insight I have, they ask themselves only one thing. How do I use this as a weapon? No invention can do good to a society that put puts these people in power.”
	“But haven’t these people always been in power?”
	“It would be easier, I think, if I can could say yes or no. The thing is, we live in a country that cannot see. A country where five percent of the population does fifty percent of its military spending. How can you live in a land like that, and have a clear understanding of power?”
	“I think a lot of people would say it makes it crystal.”
	“But we have no standard to compare it to. And empires fall.”
	“And why do they fall, Margot?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“You can’t have all the answers Margot.”
	“But if war is merely a reflection of the human heart, then maybe I can know.”
	“Perhaps. I’ve had a provincial life for sometime. A wife, children, peace.”
	“But you know what it’s like to hate.”
	“Yes.”
	“And you know, what it’s like to take.”
	“Yes.”
	“And what is it, then, that keeps you from strangling the things that you love? Humans, are born takers. They are born criers. They can be wonderful balls of joy, I’m sure, but when they need something, they make everything around them miserable until they get it.”
	“It’s not always like that Margot. Sometimes you enjoy giving, for its own sake.”
	“And the people that can’t give?”
	“They keep on taking. And when there is nothing more they can take, they’re empty shells, like the casings of bullets that have already done their damage.”
	“Well then, for what’s worth. I’ll not give them anything to take from me. Maybe you were right to let this project go from the beginning.”
	“Perhaps. But what do you do now? I've got two kids and teach high school science. It doesn't tap all my intellectual potential true, but the minds of children are the future. Sure, maybe they won't remember much about biology later in life, but someone has to encourage empiricism. Someone has to tell people to live by what they learn, not by what they're told.”
	“That's a job worth doing.”
	“And you have a job worth doing. You've spent almost a decade working with these plants. That's been your life. Are you now wanting for it never to have happened?”
	“Well I wouldn't have access to any gene insertion technology. But I know where these plants have sprouted. They're plants and produce by seeds. I suppose they could be gardened, though I don't know what that will do.”
	“You may not know what it will do, Margot, but you can't just erase nine years from your life. Maybe you don't have to fight the military to get your work done. Someone will always be making weapons. Someone has to make the plowshares too.”
	“Yes. I need to find someplace rural and isolated. But I can't do it from a motel room. I need information, a place to sleep, the internet.”
	“I can talk to my wife. I um... actually did quite well in bed on our anniversary. I kind of surprised myself.”
	“You treat her like such a gentleman... I don't know why you're so humble in the lady department.”
	“Force of habit I guess. Lifelong nerd and all.”
	Margot laughed. Slightly, but without unease or restraint. She felt like a real person again. She didn't know what she'd do with that.

	The rain which was a drizzle when Margot left had turned into an outright pour as she went down a country road with which she was barely familiar. She had been searching for places to hide ever since Joshua finally prodded Leslie to let her stay. She tried not to drive faster than she could see, but a sudden pot-hole jolted her vehicle and it began to jostle up and down. A flat tire no doubt. Fortunately for her, there was intersection with a dirt road was not but fifty feet before the puncture. It would provide a place to pull over. She was a city gal but after a few weeks she'd grown accustomed to the country habit of taking back roads at lightning speeds and didn't want to get smashed in the rain. 
	The gravel road provided no place to pull over, but the mud would keep an unexpected collision--an advantage over the road she was on. She turned on her hazard lights, drove a remained twenty feet on her tire and halted. She pondered waiting in the car for the rain to stop. But it wasn't stopping, and she could see the sun setting. 
	So she opened the door, braced herself for the wet and cold, and then went with direct haste for the tire iron in her trunk. Following that she flung a few items around and produced the jack. It was her back left tire that had taken banged against the hole, a hole she might have missed entirely if she hadn't turned as sharply. Reluctantly she bent down, resigning herself to the fact it would ruin her dress. 
	But no sooner had she ruined the dress than she saw a stranger pulling up. She thought first for help with the tire, but then realized the expediency of just begging a ride and fixing the car later. The vehicle, a black truck, pulled behind her. The door opened and she recognized the man. It was Mr. Mason.
	"Shit," she whispered, "shit, shit, shit."
	Mr. Mason reached into his coat and produced a pistol. Then he produced a cylinder of some kind and attached it to the end of the pistol. It was a silencer. Not that he needed it out here, but the man never took those kinds of risks.
	"The lab has been searching for you," he said non-chalantly, as if he'd already seen the end of this discussion and was simply going through the motions.
	"I know."
	"Did you think it wouldn't find you?"
	"I'm through with that line of work Mr. Mason. I'll not be researching any more weapons for you."
	"We can detain you Margot. Indefinitely. No legal charge, no legal counsel. You'll just disappear, and you'll be in a cell for as long as you don't cooperate."
	"I have difficulty imagining living in a cell worse than working for you."
	"You won't have that difficulty for very long. It's your mind I want. The rest of you I can sacrifice, provided that mind works for me. But don't think..." he wiggled his pistol around, the droplets making little puddles of light on the cold steel, "that I want to do this by force. I'd rather you worked for me willingly. I'd rather I persuaded you."
	"You cannot persuade me."
	"Come now. You are a scientist. Does the thrill of discovery hold no interest for you?"
	"I've dedicated my life to discovery."
	"And you wouldn't walk away from that? It's who you are."
	"Yes. It's in my nature to discover things. But the quality of the discovery is of great importance."
	"And what discovery is better than the cutting edge science you could be involved in?"
	"Discovery is a funny thing. My greatest discovery as a scientist was that metal absorption was possible."
	"Yes. And don't you think you should follow through on that discovery?"
	"I... please, you must understand I wasn't expecting this. Not right now."
	"Sometimes emotions get in the way of our better judgment. I'm sure you can see you have no future in refusing to cooperate. You just have to get used to the benefits of continuing your work. When you accept those benefits, which to be fair might take some time and difficulty, we'll have no need for this coercion."
	"You're right. I'll ride back to the lab with you. Just please put the gun away."
	"I knew you'd see it my way. He detached the silencer first, then put the gun back into his jacket. He began to turn towards the truck but he waited for Margot to get up. Margot got to her feet, and Mr. Mason continued walking. 
	Maybe it was the rain, maybe it was Mr. Mason's overconfidence, maybe it was Margot's diminuitive and unthreatening stature that led him to not notice something quite important. The tire iron was still in Margot's hands. Soon that tire iron was lodging itself into Mr. Mason's right shoulder. 
	Margot had been aiming for his head, but she was small and it was difficult to aim in the rain. The blow worked just as effectively though, because it fractured his right shoulder and he was unable, in the brief time given to him, to reach for his gun. The next blow landed directly on the spine, nearly smashing the vertabrae, and Mr. Mason went sprawling. 
	Margot, the person, had little understanding of what she was doing. But Margot, the beast, saw it all quite clearly. While Mr. Mason was face down on the mud she smashed away at his legs until she was sure they were useless. Until it was clear Mr. Mason was helpless. She was entirely in the position to make that killer blow, but something stayed her hand.
	"Margot!" the pain still couldn't hide the shock. "What? What are you doing?"
	"It's your mind I want. The rest of you I can sacrifice," she couldn't explain exactly how those words came out. The sweet, little mouse of a woman couldn't quite make sense of what they meant. But they were the proper words for the situation.
	"What are you talking about? Margot what have you become?"
	"I don't know. But I like it."
	"You don't have to return to the lab. We can make a deal."
	"Men like you don't make deals."
	"Margot..." Mr. Mason tried to form a complete sentence, but the pain was great and she was right. He couldn't think of an adequate lie under the circumstaces. "You can't kill me Margot."
	"Oh really? From my position, I would appear I have all the ability in the world." Margot seemed to grow two feet taller.
	"I don't think you're a killer."
	"On the contrary. I'm sure my work will be of great use in killing people. That makes me a killer. But this time, I don't have an intermediary."
	"I know you haven't liked the uses your work has been put to. But adding another death onto that isn't going to solve anything."
	"Trying to play to my altruism are you? It may be that society will not improve with your death. It's true they'll probably find a man just like you to take your place. He might be even worse than you. But your death is going to help me. And, though you aren't going to understand immediately, it will help you."
	"How?" he asked, almost pleading.
	"I sold my soul to you." Margot said it quietly, even with a few tears. But for both Margot and Mr. Mason, it was a guttural roar, the abyssal, guttural roar of person who had lost her soul and had every intention of getting it back.
	"How will killing me bring you any peace?"
	"Because before you die, you're going to understand something. I've worked with you long enough to know the kind of person you are. You believed that you could hide in your military bases and labs, making weapons so that others would do the killing for you. I will get my soul back when you die. I will get my soul back when you die, knowing that you are a coward."
	"How is that going to change anything?" he pleaded. "Margot you'll be a killer. The blood will never be clean from your hands. You're a good person. You can't do this."
	"No. I discovered something. A good person can commit murder if there victim needs to die. Do you take issue to that?"
	"Margot, think of what you're saying."
	"Go on, beg. It's the natural defense of a coward. But realize that the more you beg, the more your cowardice becomes obvious."
	"No..." Mr. Mason offered no further excuses. And Margot smashed his brains in. 


The Bank of Secrets


	Andrew ran his fingers slowly down his wife's neck. She turned over in the bed and responded, "I'm not in the mood."
	"Not that, Melinda." he responded.
	"Then what? I'm exhausted."
	"I need to speak with you."
	"Can it wait until morning?"
	"No. It can't. I have to make a big decision tomorrow. I need to sleep on it."
	"I'm tired."
	"You can sleep in. I'll make you breakfast in the morning."
	"You big dummy. We wake up with the same alarm clock. You get up early then  I get up early."
	"I'll sleep on the coach."
	Melinda rolled over, "You don't want sex and you're willing to sleep on the couch without having done something to deserve it? Alright. Now I won't be able to sleep because I'll be wondering what's so damn important. Out with it then. It's about your father isn't it?"
	"No. It's not about my father. I told you that I don't care if he's dead. It's about my mother and our son. Well, sort of. It has something to do with work. And life."
	"Sounds like a mess. And it sounds like you're avoiding everything but the real issue."
	"I don't see how I can make you understand that I don't care that my dad's dead. I thought he was dead for as long as I can remember. Yeah, so I grew up without a dad. That hurt some of the time. That made me curious at times. But I made peace with that long ago. Just because I found out he wasn't dead a week ago but that he's dead now doesn't change that. My father had been in prison almost all my life. But I didn't know that. My mother just wasn't cruel enough to deny a father to see his son on his deathbed. I went to see him out of mercy, not grief. No, I'm disturbed about my mother, just like I said I was."
	"You mean how she lied to you? Said he was dead."
	"No, not that she lied. Not even that she kept a secret. It's that she could have never told me a thing."
	"And let your father die alone."
	"No, let my father never exist. I would have never guessed what happened to him. If she'd kept the secret, it wouldn't be that he would have died without my ever knowing. It would be he never existed. I'd have no memory of him, so in my world he would have never been. Do you think that's disturbing?"
	"It must be. Would you care if he never existed?"
	"No."
	"I just don't understand that. But he's your father after all. And it's your reaction to his death, not mine. But you said you had to sleep on something? You had something you needed to do? That's what's getting to you. Some kind of decision about his funeral? Some secret you need to tell your mother?"
	"It's about a secret yes. But not about my mother."
	"Then what?"
	"When do you suppose we'll have to tell Jonathan about sex?"
	"What? He's five! Don't you think we can wait until he stops believing in Santa Claus?"
	"No, I mean suppose we never told him. Shipped him off to some monastery where they never spoke about sex and he never saw another woman in his life. He'd know lust but he'd never know what it was for. He might even masturbate and never understand it's purpose..."
	"That's disgusting! What the hell's wrong with you Andrew? You sleeping on that couch might not be a choice if you don't get to the damn point."
	"Something terrible might happen at my job. Something awful."
	"How do you know?"
	"I know. The investment banks are about to crash."
	"You know that? As a banker. You run some kind of hedge fund I know. You cover people in case of loss? Is there going to be a really bad meeting tomorrow?"
	"Yes. There's going to be a meeting tomorrow. I don't know if it will be bad. I haven't decided."
	"What you're going to say that is? Suggest?"
	"I don't work at an ordinary bank Melinda. I've bored you with discussions of interest rates and derivatives. But my bank doesn't hold any money. It holds secrets."
	"Secrets?"
	"It's not that difficult to believe once you think about it. The value of a secret changes over time. Take my dad. When you're growing up you want to be proud of your dad. So when I was growing up, that secret was worth a great deal. But when you've lived your whole life without him, don't see him until a week before he dies, the secret's worthless. I actually feel good about what happened, because I gave a man with a hard life some peace. My dad didn't have to die alone. The secret can even be said to have negative value, since's it's worth more to reveal."
	"That makes sense."
	"So if you're in the business of keeping secrets, you can be a success if you just learn how to find secrets that gain value over time—secrets with interest."
	"So you cover people's dirt."
	"Sometimes. It's not so simple. It's not just about hiding evidence or keeping people's mouth shut. It's not all about laundering the dirty money. You need space to keep secrets. In my mother's case, all she needed was her heart. And I guess the collusion of all my maternal relatives I suppose, but that's just storing a secret. That's like offering a safe deposit box. Some people need savings accounts, stocks, or bonds. Some people know that at least some of their secrets will be discovered so they want to hedge their risk, the same way big financial institutions do."
	"Well, you do your job well. I hadn't suspected a thing. Why tell me now?"
	"Because of what might happen tomorrow."
	"Is the bank going out of business?"
	"Business has never been better. The other banks are going to fail.”
	“And they're going to turn to you to hide responsibility."
	"Of course. The best of us realize that we make mistakes and always will. They'll admit they've made a mistake--and then go about fixing it. But no one wants to be punished for their mistakes. That's masochism."
	"Are you going to blow the whistle about something? Is there some sort of mistake you're going to reveal? I mean it isn't always easy to tell the truth. Is that's what's bothering you?"
	"No. It's not part of my job to know the secrets the bank is set up to store. That's not how it works. I just sell and trade."
	"How is that possible?" 
	"It's complicated. I'd rather not go into it. Let's just say I'm not allowed to know who my clients are. Legally. That's how we do business. You know how Swiss accounts just have numbers? It's like that. Only there aren't any numbers."
	"I just don't understand how that's possible. Is this some kind of joke? I'm very tired."
	"A cruel joke. But not on you. On everybody. I should know. I'm on the board of directors."
	"So you're going to say something that might get you fired."
	"I can't say anything that would get me fired. I'm on the board of 654, the Bank of Secrets. I don't know what the other board members look like. We stay in hidden booths. I don't know what the other board members sound like. Our suggestions are compiled anonymously. I only know how the other board members think, and how they express themselves. I might be able to identify a board member if we spoke at length directly. But that doesn't happen."
	"I don't understand then. What's going to go wrong tomorrow?"
	"Maybe nothing."
	"But didn't you explain this to ask for my advice? Is there some misgiving you need to tell me about?"
	"No. I just needed someone to know that something might happen tomorrow. I just couldn't keep a secret forever."
	"Oh. You know you don't have to sleep on the couch. I can get up like I usually do."
	"No, I'd prefer it this way."
	"You're being awfully cryptic dear."
	"Secrets aren't always told in a way that's easy to understand. Good night dear."
	Melinda looked at her husband longingly, but he stood over her until she rolled over to sleep. Andrew went downstairs to the living room closet. His house had been designed with a strange quirk. The vents that ran upstairs ran parallel to this closet, but they didn't fill the whole space. So there was a empty column of air in the back corner of this closet. He found it one day when men had come to fix the air conditioning. It was perfect for his purposes. It was where he kept his .45 caliber automatic and armor piercing bullets. 
	He pulled off the board that sealed it shut. This meant eventually his wife would find the compartment the next time she cleaned the closet. Now there was a question of a note. She'd know something had happened. So it dawned upon him that she needed to know why, in case he wasn't in a position to explain after he'd carried out his plan. 
	Melinda,
This night I revealed to you my position in 654, the Bank of Secrets. The human heart only has the capacity to hide so much. Once you understand the extensiveness in the trade of secrets, see the abyss that is the system truly have no bottom, there is no turning back. You must reveal something to the world. Everyone dies, taking what secrets remain with them. There is something I must show. It may be small to the world, but it will be gargantuan to me. 
	Isaac Newton once remarked on science that he felt he was at the shore of an ocean of truth, and all he could do from time to time was pick up a sea shell and admire it. I feel much the same way, only I do not hold truth in my hand, but untruth. 
	I do not know the consequences of my act. But I have made my heart known to you. Tomorrow I shall reveal a secret, even if it destroys me. Please do not hide my decisions from our son. Tell him when he is ready. 
	Love,
	Andrew

	Andrew put the note in the nook and his gun in his suit for tomorrow. He tried as best he could to curl up on the couch. He set his alarm for his last meal, of sorts. 

	Andrew awoke with a start at 4:45. There were eggs and pancakes to make. It wouldn't be a classic breakfast without orange juice but he hadn't quite thought through what he was going to say to his wife that night. Coffee would have to do. He cracked up a few eggs and whipped up some batter. He sat staring at the eggs for some time. This was his chance to turn back. This was his chance to tell his wife he was just under a lot of stress because he knew a financial crash was coming. If he walked out the door without changing his mind he would commit. He felt the cold metal of the .45. 
	He delivered his wife breakfast on a tray.
	"It was hard to fall asleep after all that talk," she told him. But everything was sound afterwards. We really ought to do this more often, the breakfast I mean."
	"Funny what we get around to doing and what we don't. Sorry to have scared you back there. I'm under a lot of stress. The market's going to crash."
	"When?"
	"Soon. It won't hold for more than a few months."
	"I'm certain you've shifted our retirement accounts?"
	"Nothing's going to happen to our accounts. The crash will be in housing and banking. The money's going to be there."
	"So we don't need to worry about money. I thought you might be quitting your job."
	"I'm not quitting my job. I'm not blowing any whistles either. You needn't worry about that."
	"Then you'll tell me how it goes? I'm worried."
	"Everything will be revealed. I'm not sure what I'm going to do."
	"Ok. Remember I love you. You remember that."
	"And I love you," Andrew responded, holding up the last of his wife's coffee before walking out the door. The gun was still in his coat.
	Everything had been arranged now. There weren't any metal detectors at the entrances of 654. It would look just a tad suspicious. The employees Andrew had always thought might be security guards didn't give him a second glance. One could never really predict when someone would gamble with their lives one day, after having been so cautious for so long. The board convened at 10, right on schedule. There was only one question left. There were five other anonymous screens in the board room of 654. Everything now revolved around a variable Andrew could only take a gamble on. Was the board physically in the room, or were there six other rooms just like this, and every other participant on a conference call? He would find out.
	As the meeting minutes were being read Andrew pulled at the gun and fired it at two metal joints that seemed to be supporting the screen. The screen fell and the glass shattered with a force that seem to match the bullets. Everything now had been arranged. While he had a minute worth of shock, and a few minutes before anyone knew who to resolve a possibly deadly situation appropriately, he scrambled to shoot the remaining screens and have them fall, one by one. 
	The next screen smashed and it was indeed true that the board was in the room.  The first screen fell to reveal an Asain woman in her thirties. She had her hair tied up, but there still seemed to be quite a bit of it. It was impossible to tell how long it might be. She had the most sharp and shapely business suit on, which was odd given that the shape of her belly gave away that she was expecting. Andrew flipped for a few seconds. He waved the gun in her face and yelled "Stay where I can see you!" Then: "Say you love being a mother."
	She stuttered.
	"Say it!"
	"I love being a mother."
	At last! Her voice! Andrew quickly turned to an opposing screen. Two bullets soon revealed an extremely elderly gentleman with a bulging vein in his neck and a cane tilted against his desk.
	"Say it's a fine day to die."
	"Uh... Uh... It's a fine day to die."
	The next: a woman in her late fifties, silver merging into her hair. "You'll never be a grandmother."
	"I'll never be a grandmother."
	The next: a red haired balding man with a Scottish accent. "I'm a member of the Irish Republican Army."
	"I'm a member of the Irish Republican Army."
	Then the last screen hid nothing except that there were only five members of the board, not six. Andrew went back to his desk and put the gun down. Everyone stared at each other blankly. 
	"No one is to hide from the other until I'm removed from the board." Andrew had the gun so there was no arguing. Security began by treating the incident as a hostage situation. But upon putting the gun down Andrew made no more threats. Each board member was slowly approached by security personnel that soon shielded and removed them from the room. Andrew pushed the gun off his desk and put his hands up. Handcuffs were not immediately available but Andrew followed the authorities without coercion. He was taken to a blank room with a one way mirror and not disturbed for some time.
	This was the secret he planned to reveal. It may have not amounted to much, in the scheme of things. But he had poisoned 654. Its board members, presuming they remained board members, knew what they looked and sounded like. A veil of secrecy had been lifted for the highest members of the Bank of Secrets. There'd be no reports, investigations or even witnesses. The secret he revealed would no go down to the Vault like all the others. 
	Andrew struggled to find the right words for his present feelings. He began to understand his act would inevitably lead to his doom. This was a Bank of Secrets and it seemed obvious in retrospect that its response would be to wipe out his existence. Fear was a word that popped into mind, and despair seemed best to describe his complete powerlessness. But what he really felt was human. It was a feeling to be savored. He'd worked long and hard for an inhumanity and now that his colleagues did in fact have human voices and faces was of great comfort, no matter what happened. 
	He wasn't to see his wife again. With no explanation Andrew was escorted to solitary confinement. The slimmest of necessities: food, water, a bed, a toilet. And riches beyond imagining: time. All that was left to do was to draw the faces he had seen on his prison walls with the materials at hand. Food scraps, skin oil, excrement.  


		
The Palace of the Ice Czar


	That day's art class was forgettable. Drawing fruit with colored pencils, one of those stupid projects that some group of educators felt teenagers needed to know. Chloe Ingram scratched away at the thick white paper in front of her without effort, without care, just enough for a passing grade. She went through the tedious ritual of chatting with a few classmates about music videos. They were boring to be certain, but any time Chloe had attempted to be hip or funny her friends with varying degrees of maliciousness told her this was not the case.
	She was treated like a nine year old for her consistent references to Looney Tunes cartoons. But her fascination in no way seemed childish. You remembered how Elmer Fudd whispered “Be vewy quiet, I'm hunting wabbits.” It seemed pretty groovy to have something stay with you like that even if you didn't understand why. But her friends didn't really care about these things. 
	She was on the cheer leading squad, which meant her friends had sex on the brains all the time. Chloe lived in a rather rural area without much by way of after school activities. Being on the cheer leading squad generally meant getting any boy you wanted. Not so much for Chloe. She had the body of a cheer leader to be certain, but she was cut down so often an aura of frigidity surrounded her. 
	Even the vultures that love a hot girl with low self esteem seemed to back away—besides Chloe spotted their type instantly when they couldn't say much more than, “That's really interesting”, “I love you”, and “Let's make out.” Wrapped in such an environment she had dreams of moving to the city or anywhere else but her high school. 
	“No one really listens to me,” she'd often write on a stray piece of paper, with pretensions of writing a diary while at the same time feeling there'd be nothing to put in it. It suddenly struck her as strange that she felt compelled to speak, compelled to be funny even though no one cared. She couldn't really understand why. But something had to change, so she simply stopped talking.


	It took her friends at least a day to notice. They didn't really want to hear anything she said, but when she stopped saying it something peculiar happened. The squad had an obvious leader—Julie, long blond hair, hour glass figure, huge breasts that were inversely proportional to the size of her brain. But after that the pecking order was always up for grabs. Who would rise to second was always an unspoken question, though every girl knew she stood above Chloe, least of the cheerleaders. 
	She often wondered why she'd stayed on the squad. But she really liked the rhythm to the whole thing, the fluid motion when the squad was in sync. She failed to understand its more obvious purpose which was sexual fantasy. She knew about it, she just didn't get it. She didn't like to think of herself as just a body.
	In any case, usually sometime during the week Chloe would some awkward remark that would let one of the other girls make a point of being above Chloe, even though they never made it below Julie. Now that remark wouldn't come. The girls would make up for it by cutting into her for a while, but she just stopped responding. She did all her activities with precision but she didn't say anything. 
	“What,” asked squad member Martha, “are you giving us the silent treatment?”
	Chloe just looked up and stared at her. It wasn't a malicious stare. But Martha couldn't help but look at it as though she'd been called a vapid whore. “Fine, no body gives a shit about what you think anyway.”
	Chloe grinned. She'd angered Martha with her expression. She'd never been able to say anything to get back at one of her so called friends, but if her facial expressions worked she was all for it.
	“What's so funny?” Martha demanded.
	Chloe burst in laughter. For years she'd been a punching bag, she finally had the wisdom to step back, and watch another girl flail her arms at nothing. 
	“I said what's so funny bitch?”
	Chloe just turned her back on her, and now suddenly, Martha was on bottom.
	“I can get you kicked off the squad and don't you forget it!” That seemed to return the pecking order back to its normal place. Chloe supposed maybe she just wouldn't have anyone to talk to. It was not a happy prospect for her. She wanted to share herself with others. But if no one cared, why keep talking. Something had to change. Chloe just didn't know what. 
	She decided to go home alone today. If she wasn't going to talk she didn't really feel like going to practice. She went, dejected to her television, and watched from after school until bed. After three days of this behavior so got her so bored she couldn't stand it. Television was other people's lives, and she grew sick of not having her own. 
	She took a kitchen knife and slowly carved blood out of her palm. It was nice to feel the pain and see herself bleed. She didn't want to do it again—the implications in the act were a bit horrifying, but it did give her the feeling that things could be different. She could cut herself, if she wanted to. 

	It generally didn't take too long before word came regarding a new student, especially Winter Di Bacco. Never one to wear jeans, she dressed in scarlet reds and pale pinks of a wild gypsy, which wasn't so different from her personality. She went around taking student's palms and claiming to read fortunes. She didn't seem to flinch when she was accused of being a witch and devil worshiper. This couldn't help but draw Chloe's attention, and she started eyeing Winter. Winter, however, was not the kind of girl you watched. If her eyes met with yours she came over for a visit.
	"What is the cause of your bandage?" she asked, pointing to Chloe's hand.
	"I'm learning to cook. I had an accident."
	"May I look," Winter stated, not asked. This was Winter's characteristic manner. She asked you for strange things and before you could give a polite reason to say no you'd already agreed. By now Winter had flipped Chloe's hand over, looking closer at the bandage hidden on her palm. Winter read palms—she had to know the wound was self inflicted. However, she ran her finger down a line in her hand uncut.
	"This is an interesting love line. You haven't had many boyfriends have you?"
	"Um... no." Chloe's face turned red. It was a strange sort of embarassment. All the other girls on the cheerleading squad made no end of her sexual incompetence, but Winter was only stating a fact. No she was stating a curiosity. Winter was trying to figure out who Chloe was. 
	The situation was quite uncomfortable. Chloe was self conscious—her social circle pretty much insured it. But Winter wasn't prying into her life to make fun of her. That was something she was used to. Winter had some mysterious purpose, benevolent but abnormal. Whatever it was, it didn't bother her that no one understood but her.
	"What's interesting about my love line?" Chloe begged defensively.
	"It starts off like you'll never have any romantic relationships ever. Then guys will be flinging themselves on you."
	"Really?" Chloe responded. Her day brightened. She was later to learn Winter would have many one on one consultations this way. Winter was freaky but if she really could see your future, then...
	"Oh yes. Love can be quite unpredictable."
	“But what could cause she an extreme change of fortune.”
	“It might take a few readings to puzzle that out.”
	“But surely you have some idea, don't you? You've known somebody who has experienced such a change.”
	“There is a thing. I have never seen it before but it is, well, well knownst among my family. Sometimes a woman comes into her power. But...” Winter hesitated.
	“Don't just be one of those fortune tellers that tell people only what they want to hear. Tell the truth.”
	“Yes, yes, tell the truth.” Winter looked into her eyes. “Such a thing is rare. I would only put a certain amount of hope in it, but there is a relative of mine, from the old world that they say came into her power. She had seventeen child.”
	“Seventeen?”
	“Well, she gave birth twelve times. Three sets of twins a one triplets.”
	“How did she manage it?”
	“She came into her power. Not all her children survived past infancy, but she had no miscarriages.”
	“Wow.”
	“Yes. You... need time I think. Why don't you come back to me when your hand is better?” The comment was soothing and exciting. Soothing because Winter had told her, gently, that she knew Chloe was not well. Exciting, because she was certain Winter was right. Maybe not about the whole “coming into her power” stuff, but that she'd be tossing off the boys. 
	She was horny as hell and enjoyed the prospects. She rushed home and imagined men in her future. Not boys—men. She imagined this 6'5, 250 lb all muscle, leather jacketed guy would just look over her body and throw her down on her bed. He'd see her, and take her without question.  

	"Hey Winter!" Chloe yelled, flagging her down at the bus stop.
	"Your hand is better. And you look my in the eye."
	"Could I talk to you?"
	"I need to go home. We can ride the same bus if you can get back to your house on your own."
	"Oh. So your parents couldn't take me home."
	"No. It's against their rules."
	"Rules?"
	"I come from long line of fortune tellers. They say that the one who wants inside a fortune tellers home is to be feared."
	"Well then we don't have to go to your home. I just want to talk."
	"The one who just wants to talk is another story. Do you want me to read your palm again? I have other ways. Cards, dice, tea leaves, smoke glass crystal..."
	"No I don't need my fortune read. I want to talk."
	"The talker bad for business but good for the heart. I just move here. Already everyone is afraid. This is nothing new. They shun the fortune teller during the day only to seek her out at night. But sometimes one gets lonely."
	"So you're used to people being afraid of you?"
	"It's life," Winter responded, getting onto her bus. Somewhere in the middle had already been designated for her, so that no one would have to awkwardly deny her a seat. Chloe sat down with her.
	"So what is it that you want to know, Chloe?" Winter asked.
	"Want to know? Well I didn't have anything in specific."
	"You want to talk to me without asking questions?"
	"I guess that doesn't happen to you much."
	"No."
	"You're so confident. I'm certain your prediction is correct but...”
	Winter eyed her curiously.
	“It's because I'm going to make it happen.”
	"Some people make their own futures. They don't really need us fortune tellers. You know what we call them?"
	"What?"
	"What is word? Not customers."
	"What do you like to do when you're not telling fortunes?"
	"I practice. I've a long story to tell when I am sixteen. It's a duty of all Di Bacco's."
	"Just how far back does fortune telling go back in your family?"
	"I don't know. My grandmother gave me my first cards--tarot--when I was three. I'm to be a fortune teller all my life."
	"That doesn't bother you, that you're forced to be a fortune teller, that you couldn't be something else if you wanted to?"
	"Forced?" Winter looked up at her in confusion. "I am a fortune teller. How could I be forced to be one? You either tell fortunes or you don't. If your blood has a responsibility than that's who you are. I am a Di Bacco for this generation."
	"Di Bacco for this generation? What are you talking about?"
	"Di Bacco's are charged with finding people who need to know the story our family has to tell. That is our blood."
	"What story?"
	"The palace of the Ice Czar."
	"Russian?"
	"Lately I have been thinking not."
	"Not Russian? What the hell is it about you? You sound like you're from Eastern Europe but your name sounds Italian."
	"My family has lived in the states forty years, but my family holds to tradition. They like a fortune teller sound like she come from far away even if parents are both citizens. My grandmother speak Magyar fluently."
	"Magyar?"
	"Oh, what Americans call Hungarian. Our line of Di Baccos lived in Hungary, but it got too dangerous."
	"How so?"
	"You Americans know no history. World Wars? Soviet Republic?"
	"I know about the World Wars and the USSR."
	"Hungary on wrong side of three wars. Side with Germans in both World Wars, side with Russia in Cold War."
	"Sounds like you had a lot of people to warn."
	"Yes. We offer our tale of woe to many people. Bad luck is a gift and curse for fortune tellers. The people are afraid so they want the fortune teller to know fortune.  But when fortune bad they blame the teller. But business so good for the Di Bacco's that we could buy safety in America. And America really needs Di Bacco's."
	"I bet. But how did you come by the Italian name?"
	"The Di Bacco family goes very far back."
	"How far back?"
	"I get to know when I can recite the palace of the Ice Czar word for word. I want to know, so I practice. But I ask a lot of questions and they tell me this. They tell me humans live at one point in special paradise. But they lose this paradise--forever. Twelve people are charged by the gods to tell the story of the fall. One of my ancestors was part of that twelve. So that means I am one of those twelve. I must tell the story and keep Di Bacco's alive to tell the story. Family legend is one of the grandmothers swindled an Italian banker who owned a vineyard. Di Bacco, of Bacchus, the god of wine. She was the one with 17 children."
	"I still don't believe."
	"Yes, she was an what did that guy call her? An uber-mom. She gave birth 12 times, She must have been there to keep our line going. Needless to say, Di Bacco women never change their names when they get married. They insist on it."
	"So what is this story that's so important?"
	"The say there was a time on earth when there was no ice, except in a special lake. This lake they called Nifelheim. It was water, but if you carried the water north it would turn to ice. Moving it was like moving regular water, so it could be transported over long distances. You didn't have to build your palace next to a quarry, and if you wanted to make it grander all you have to do was haul this water to make a palace bigger or chisel away to hollow it out or making splendourous ice sculptures.
	"The story says Czar, but I think this story is from before Russia. Back in those days in the north, when you added to your empire you added to your palace. One ruthless czar insisted that it was the duty of all his line to add to his ice palace, which of course meant endless conquering.
	"But if you're to endlessly conquer you always have to have better weapons than your opponent, and better weapons come from better knowledge. So the Czar sent for scribes from all over the land. Vikings, Mongols, Arabs, Turks, Persians. Romans. One of those scribes was one of the twelve. He knew about the lost paradise, but he was tricky. He knew the Czar would never listen to him if what he said would hurt his pride. So instead he asked to investigate Nifelheim to invent a faster way to move the water. The scribe did many things. He threw stones tied to sticks to test its depths. He threw ice blocks into forges. He scouted the land to find why no river ever run into Nifelheim.
	"The situation was as he expected. Lake Nifelheim was connected to the underworld. Nifelheim, the Viking underworld from which all cold comes from. It puzzled him that the water should freeze when removed from Lake Nifelheim, rather than the other way around. It was a riddle. The scribe knew he could never get the Czar to accept this riddle if presented rationally. Moreover, the czar had surrounded himself with so many scribes it seemed impossible to get an audience. 
	"The choice amongst the Czar's scribes knew one thing. You told the Czar if a new technology was possible or impossible. You never suggested it be unwise. But that was exactly what the Czar needed to know. There are many stories to remember about how he preceded. But they all agree that the scribe married a fortune teller of some reknown. The Di Bacco's call the scribe Father and the fortune teller Mother. By wit and wile their line managed to stay in the court of the Czar's lineage. Each new Czar began a new war after inheriting the throne. 
	"In conquering both cunning and fortune were involved. When the wars went well the Czar's consulted the scribes. When the wars went poorly, the Czars consulted the fortune tellers.
	"On the eve of a great battle one of Mother's fortune tellers told the Czar about the war, 'You are poised to crush your enemy, but if you do, the waters of Lake Nifelheim will dry up.' He did not understand what this meant and continued to wage war. A counter offensive drove the Czar's army to the waters of Nifelheim. There was a terrible battle after which the Czar's enemy was routed. They fled for their lives and the empire gobbled up territory after territory. But the stench of the corpses led the locals to throw the dead into the lake."
	"And that really threw off the underworld didn't it?" Chloe replied.
	"Yes. Nifelheim was the source of cold. So when all the souls were tossed in it, they built fires to keep themselves warm. So many had died that these fires began to melt the ice of Nifelheim. Not completely of course, it was a realm of eternal cold. But just enough that the Ice Palace of the Czar began to slacken. It had grown to such great heights and had never been built under the consideration that the ice might melt.
	"The Ice Palace fell on the Czar and all his scribes. When the conquered peoples under the Czar's rule saw no one on the throne, they took back their kingdoms by force. The sons and daughters of Mother and Father went south looking for a land without war, but despairing that, vowed to keep alive the tradition Father had come from. But the story Father told so strikingly resembled the story of the Ice Czars that eventually they became one and the same."
	"Do you think that story is true? That you descend from a group of pre-historic prophets? How do you know this isn't just a fast one pulled by some crazy great great grandfather?"
	"Hmm... we fortune tellers do pull theatrics from time to time. But it doesn't really matter if the story is true."
	"What? How can you say that?"
	"It's an omen. Omens can come from cards, from palms, from weird weather--it doesn't really matter the form. I have fortunes to tell for the many, and an omen to give to a few."
	"I just don't understand how you can be so convinced. So certain."
	"I don't know what you mean. Fortune tellers are never certain."
	"I mean don't you have nagging doubts? You don't wonder if its all made up? You don't wonder that if you'd been born to a different family in a different time and place that you wouldn't grow up to be something other than a fortune teller?"
	"But how does one get born into another family? This is a strange question you ask."
	"Don't you ever wonder about who you are, really?"
	"What do you mean? I'm Winter Di Bacco. Are you..."
	"What?"
	"There is special term for this I think."
	"Special term?"
	"Lost soul? No, that is not right. Lost soul means crazy. There is special relationship between fortune tellers and some people. I remember my mom speaking about this a number of years ago. I'm still a young fortune teller, but I think you may be it, this thing I've heard of. Lost to the Fortune?"
	"Lost to the Fortune?"
	"That's when someone who has previously needed a fortune teller will never need one again. When they realize for the first time that their future is in their hands."
	Chloe sat in a long silence. Winter did not seem to be the least bit uncomfortable about that, so very unlike the girls she'd just dismissed. She looked over at Winter, "You know I wanted to talk to you but I hadn't any thought of asking you to tell me my fortune."
	"Yes. You're lost to the fortune! I remember better know what my mom was saying. What were her exact words? 'Someone lost to the fortune will never become a customer. Period. Sometimes, though, they will seek you out not as a customer, but as a friend.' Amazing! So what do you do now that you make your own fortune?"
	"I've been trying to decide. I guess that's why I wanted to talk to you. Not for you to tell me what to do. Just to find out what you do."
	"Tell fortunes of course. I'm a fortune teller."
	"Well of course that. But I mean you tell fortunes because it's who you are. I should do what I am, but I do not know what I am yet."
	"You are Chloe Ingram."
	"Yes, but I wasn't born into a family with... traditions. I'll have to start my own traditions."
	"Your own traditions? Hmmm... that sounds intriguing. I want to tell you something. It's a big secret so you have to promise not to say it to any of the other kids I school."
	"I can't think of anyone I'd want to tell it to."
	Winter tilted her head a whispered into Chloe's ear, "I'm not a good fortune teller. I still have much to practice and I'm no good on questions about love, which happen often. I mostly get the kids to talk about me to their parents. Then those parents speak to my parents. I just, what is American phrase, 'Drum up business'."
	"Oh," Chloe responded.
	"Fortune telling is all in figuring out whether or not to tell the person what they want to hear. I still have much to practice."
	"How do you know to choose?"
	"You decide if they're foolish or wise. Everything else gets complicated."
	"I bet." 


The Departure of Winter


	Chloe looked down at Winter's note. Chloe, my family and I must leave quickly. The teller of fortunes often meets unseemly people that become horrific enemies. My family has met one here. I mustn't say any more than that. You were my first friend outside the family. It is a shame our time was so brief.
	Shortly after Winter and her family departed scandal broke out that the superintendent of schools had been embezzling funds for years. Chloe was certain someone in the Di Bacco family knew about it, if not Winter herself. She'd been asking strange questions and had a twitch in her voice the week before she left. 
	Winter had told Chloe about the legendary sexual exploits of her seventeen time mother and debaucherous ancestor Antonia Di Bacco. There were so many stories about her that it was difficult to ascertain which might have any basis in fact. Stories about multiple men on the same night, stories of encounters with married couples... stories, stories, stories. It was hard to imagine a woman today being so lascivious, let alone in the early Renaissance.
	Chloe asked Winter if Antonia had been a prostitute. Winter had said that wasn't the right word for it, because prostitutes solicited clients for money. Sex was something entirely different for her. She told her the story of Nina Di Bacco. 

Antonia's fierce sexual appetite was surpassed by her ruthless maternal protectiveness. To trifle with Antonia Di Bacco's children was said to carry a curse, not just of death but of your entire family line. It was a near certainty that Antonia's children were from numerous fathers, and that she regularly extorted them. 
	But that money all ended up in the hands of her children for tutors, dowries, investments and apprenticeships. Tutors of the Italian renaissance, princes of Italian families, nascent Italian bankers, skilled mid wives for her daughters and of course every fortune teller she'd heard spoken of. 
	She died, and no one was surprised, in child birth. Her second youngest daughter, born of a boy-girl pair, had had her period that very day. Two or three hours into the labor she burst into tears. No one had ever seen her in tears. She told her daughter something she'd hidden from all the world, "Even the strongest have weak hearts. They just remain silent about them. Please call for your brother Dante. Tell him his mother is dying."
	Dante, the Infernal One, had been fortune teller to the vicious and feuding Italian families. He more than anyone brought the story of the Czar... the Di Bacco family also knew he had been hired as an assassin several times. He was not welcome amongst most of the family, but he was in touch as Antonia refused to cast out any of her children for any reason. Dante had been able to reach her in nine hours. A midwife of some reknown had arrived an hour before.
	"I'm failing Dante. I can't bear your little brother or sister."
	The midwife retorted, "You've been through difficult births before."
	"No," Antonia insisted. "I gave birth eleven times. My womb is failing... God made me to keep the Di Bacco family on this earth, to spread the Tale of the Ice Czar... You know, Dante, why I sent for you and no others.
	Dante was near silent, but with a solemn, "Yes mother. If you can't bear the child from your hips, you want to bear the child through your waist."
	"No Signora Di Bacco, this is but a delirium of labor!" her midwife protested. 
	"It is not delirium. This child is going to kill me trying to enter the world, and I am not going to let it die. Dante is the only one that can help, though the rest of you are fair to watch."
	The family and the mid-wife left the room or cowered in the corner.
	"Dante!" she gasped. "I know the secrets of your heart."
	"Mother." Dante whispered.
	"And I love you."
	"Others made me doubt that."
	"But not me."
	"No, not you. Well I suppose there's little more use for words. Where shall I cut?"
	She guided his hand. "You feel that?" she asked. "That's where the child is. You need to cut around. Do it quick, but with precision. You've some skill with a blade."
	"Yes." He pulled his sword out of his scabbard. He tore a cushion she'd been resting on out from under her. He put it over her face. "This is to keep you from screaming. You'll want to hear the screams of your child no doubt."
	She nodded. He'd seen that expression before, on the faces of people who knew they were dead. He rested his knee on the pillow on top of his mother's face and carved her open like a butcher. After the first stab her body began to let her quiver and die. Her muscles would be looser once she was fading away. The child's body was turned sideways, not head first, and hadn't left her uterus. 
	Dante picked her up and turned to the midwife. "It's a girl. I'm to cut this cord at the navel yes?"
	"R-right."
	"You have a cloth for the baby?"
	"H-here. One to wrap the child in. The other to wipe her off."
	"There we go. I like the name Nina, unless mother's picked a name."
	"No."
	Dante hand Nina off to his newly-woman sister. "You keep her and arrange for a nurse. I've some business to tend to. This room will reek for years if I don't get to it."
	"How could you do that?" His sister gasped, nearly divulging the contents of her stomach.
	"Antonia Di Bacco asked me to carry out her dying wish. Many a tale of woe can be told of going against Antonia's wishes. You will look on this day differently when you have a little one of your own. Won't she Maria?"
	"It won't be like this," Maria, the midwife said aghast. You'll be able to look your child in the eye, nurse her on you breast. This is the ghastliest birth I've ever seen. But the child wasn't turned correctly. Your mother was right about that." 

	"She had him cut it out of her?" Chloe whispered, stunned. It was like all Winter's other stories about the Di Bacco family, near impossible to believe. 
	"You don't believe it do you?" she asked.
	"No... I don't believe in the story but I do believe you."
	"Again with the strange answers. I tell you a story and you believe it or you don't."
	"No, I mean I don't believe you're lying to me."
	"But you don't believe the story? Unusual. You don't believe I'm lying when I tell you a story that is untrue."
	"Well what if it didn't happen but you think it did?"
	"Oh. You mean the difference between truth and blood truth."
	"What?"
	"Yes you're very clever. Yes, maybe Antonia die of some illness three months after Nina is born, and someone makes the story up."
	"Well yeah."
	"But this does not matter. I am born a Di Bacco for my time. I need to know what life for my blood means. I do not have to believe in the story. I have to understand that behind great strength there is quiet weakness, that bringing things into the world takes strength, that the story we've been instructed in must be told, and I can understand this when I hear about the mother of the line and little Nina. I need its lesson, its blood truth and what it means to me. It doesn't matter if it actually happened."
	"Winter why are you telling me so much about Antonia? We've talked about all kinds of things, but this week its just Antonia, Antonia, Antonia."
	"I'm forbidden to speak of something, but I want your opinion on it."
	"Well then what is it?"
	"No. I'm forbidden. But the good fortune teller can ask indirectly when she cannot ask directly."
	"So you want to know what I think of Antonia, but you can't let me know why."
	"Yes. Please respect wish."
	"You know I've never, you know, with a guy before. But Antonia sounded like there was no shame in it. There weren't any rules you had to follow. You could sleep with whoever you wanted to, and you weren't required to inform your lovers of your other interests. And if your lover wanted to keep your contact a secret, you could use it against him. That's Antonia isn't it? That's what she was like?"
	"Yes," Winter smirked, though she tried to hide it. "Yes, that's what she was like. But perhaps it would be best if we left it there. I think I may have said too much. You must tell me about your invented tradition. What you weren't born with."

	Chloe despaired now that Winter left so suddenly. Chloe couldn't go back to that position of lowest of the cheerleaders. There was no longer a word so felt she could utter to them, and she no longer wished to listened to their chatter. It also became clear to her that she could not have chose a worse set of girls to spurn. Other cliques might have been willing to take her in, had she made an enemy of any other group. But in Chloe's small school everyone deferred to the cheerleaders. 
	It had struck her mind that before how strange it was that so few girls could have such power over the behavior of so many others. It wasn't like they had guns pointed. In any case, Chloe was alone. After her mother put some gusto in trying to get Chloe back on the squad she stopped trusting her to know how she really felt. 
	She pulled out the knife again, remembering that pain right before Winter. She scraped the blade against her skin but couldn't draw herself to actually draw blood. She just remembered the care and tact Winter used when she saw Chloe's self inflicted wound and felt like cutting herself again would be a disgrace to her friend's memory. Indeed, self-inflicted harm was out of the question, even though when she fell asleep she secretly wished she would not wake up.
	This secret wish made Chloe toss in bed for hours. Because as much as she wished to die, some hard stone in her gut seemed to fight against her death wish with all its strength. Some little thing Winter said would come back to her memory. I'm to be a Di Bacco for my generation and even the strong willed have weak hearts were the most common. 
	After weeks of this fit of sleeplessness and dejection Chloe happened upon a copy of small town newspaper. The thought occurred to her to rip it to shreds, as if this would somehow solve her problem of rural isolation. But it seemed immature and she decided to flip through it instead. She flipped to the obituaries section, and something clicked. A fantasy of seeing her own obituary gave her some solace. In her fantasy she could be dead and lived the kind of life Winter did. 
	She started drafting her own obituary: her occupation, her survivors. She imagined herself some stand up comic or actress or fringe journalist where all those quirky qualities that had been mocked were now celebrated. She imagined being a mother via multiple fathers—a matriarch of a numerous and important family. 
	Chloe knew it was all a fantasy but she slept better. She felt connected again, though some nights she was afraid these fantasies were fleeting and she'd crash down like she had before. A stray history assignment, however, gave her a feeling of connection with the dead that would be permanent. 
	Chloe had been exposed to the standard American model of history teaching—a slow rehashing of a single already decided narrative. Then came the Renaissance which lead to the Reformation which split Christendom and caused this to follow, etc. The narrative at this point settled on the infamous Henry the VIII, and his notorious six wives. Here was someone, he wasn't exactly a replacement for Antonia, but he had been written about. He had biographers that had written his struggle to continue a line, which terminated in amongst the most renowned Queens of England. 
	She jumped on the chance to discuss the matter with her history teacher, who was pleased to see such an enthusiastic face. He hunted down a book from his own personal library for her. She went to the local paper looking for archives, which had been microfilmed and sent to the town's small library—a new favorite spot for Chloe. She began scouring local graveyards for interesting bits as well. It took digging and wasn't always fun, but Chloe began getting one thing she had greatly missed since Winter's departure: stories. 
	It could not mask the pain of eating alone at the lunch table every day, the target of insults and only half empty milk cartons. She wanted to run out and scream at someone, just to get something out of herself, just to affect someone else. But this was a ray of light, she had friends among the dead. Somehow, she was convinced, they would lead her forward. This was not a conviction shared by her parents. 

	“How was your day at school, Chloe?” Chloe's mother Katherine asked.
	“Fine.”
	“No it wasn't. You were miserable. School isn't fine fine fine fine. What's wrong? You've been so miserable since you left the squad and spent all that time hanging around that gypsy.”
	“How did you know I was speaking with Winter? I never mentioned her, and she never came to the house.”
	“Well, it's just something I heard.”
	“You've been spying on me.”
	“No, spying isn't the right word. I'm in the PTA. You hear things.”
	“Winter was wonderful. And she was Hungarian.”
	“Hungarian?”
	“She wasn't a gypsy. Her family said they called themselves Magyars.”
	“In case she was a transient. Not the kind of person you can depend on.”
	“That's a lie! I depend on her more than anyone.”
	“Come, do have any idea of her whereabouts?”
	“No.”
	“Did she say when or if she's coming back?”
	“No.”
	“Then how can you say you depend on her?”
	“You wouldn't understand.”
	“Yes, well, I don't understand your moping that's for sure.”
	“I'm not moping.”
	“Just look how you carry yourself. You drag your body like it's dead weight. You don't wear any make up, I have to remind you to brush your hair. Pretty soon you won't even change out of your pajamas before going to school.”
	“Hmmm... Sounds like a good idea.”
	“What?”
	“Pajamas are kind of loose but a little curvy. A bit like the clothes Winter used to wear.”
	“That's out of the question. I'll not have my daughter dressing like a gypsy.”
	“Hungarian.”
	“Fine, you won't be dressing like a Hungarian.”
	“Why not?”
	“Because I won't allow it.”
	“Well yeah, you said that already. But they aren't see through, they don't show off any of my body... you didn't have a problem with that cheerleader outfit I had.”
	“But that was for the games.” 
	“Like the guys gave that any consideration I'm sure. Look, Mom... I...”
	“What?”
	“I'm different. None of the other girls at school at like me.”
	“You're just being melodramatic.” 
	“Fine. Whatever.”
	“Don't you take that tone with me young lady.”
	“You don't have to believe it now. But you will.”
	“What's that supposed to mean? Is that some kind of threat?”
	“No... I'm just telling your fortune.”

	The next two and a half months Chloe and Katherine played a game of intrusive mother and recalcitrant daughter. Katherine signed Chloe up for an after school activity, and Chloe put no energy into it. If she decided to put in any energy it was only to meet bare minimum requirements. 
	As soon as it was over with, Chloe came home or went to the library, mapping out the town's graveyard and the stories of its dead. In the long hours her solitude permitted, she read biographies of history's scoundrels. Starting from Henry the VIII to Catherine the Great to just about every queen she could get out of her history teacher.
	Chloe got into the habit of never being anywhere someone else was. At times she would scroll through the library, but usually when no one was there. Most of her time she remained locked in her room or lying around the graveyard. She even hesitated to speak to the history teacher whose library she raided. She liked him, but was mortified to discuss anything with him, except to clear up a confusion regarding history with him. She was afraid he would reject her too. She had the school calling her a freak, the teachers calling her a failure, her mother calling her a “do nothing” and her father a punk, and she didn't want to know what judgment would lie in wait from him. The teacher had tried to connect with her several times but she was always curt and refused to say much. He restrained himself to offering commentary and foot notes. 
	School was finishing and now Chloe had the great task of showing her a report card: an A in history and the rest littered with D's and F's. Chloe's mother accosted her daughter: “Why don't you want to do anything?
	Chloe just looked at her mother in slight contempt of her cluelessness. 
	“Come up to my room mother,” Chloe responded, “I'll show you something. I've been working on you know, when I'm not forced to go to school or some stupid activity? Certainly you must want to listen to me eventually. You've been interrupting for months.”
	“Interrupting?”
	“Here,” She pulled out her well made bed a square yard of cloth.
	“I would never had thought to look there...” Chloe's mom said dumbfounded, not grasping that she revealed having searched Chloe's room.
	“I didn't know if you were going to actually sneak a peak in my room or not. I knew you wouldn't look anything clear. Here.” Chloe flattened out the cloth, which had carefully measured squares and rectangles, marked with large numbers and multiple little symbols. “This is the Clover graveyard. The life in this town is here, in a manner of speaking.”
	“You've been mapping a graveyard?”
	“Now there are seven major families in the Clover graveyard. W.H. Clover was a timber baron, and these are the major groupings of the people he sent to work the trade. Piensa used to be a forest. It was flat, so it was clear cut. Clover went to concentrate on some other more profitable mills and the families worked out the trade eventually. People moved in and out, depending on the trade. The people who stayed, they're the oldest in the graveyard. We wouldn't be here if not for them. But it's hard to even get a name on some of their tombstones... Mom?”
	“How did you get this information?”
	“The library has a newspaper archive. There's plenty of obituaries. I spent a lot of time scouring the graveyard of course.”
	“Oh Chloe...”
	“What?”
	“Your great grandfather, my grandfather he...”
	“He's not buried in the Clover graveyard next to his wife and family. I found that odd.”
	“He didn't die of tuberculosis. They took him away, to a home...”
	“An asylum? Hmm... I've heard some asylum graveyards don't have graves. Did you ever go to visit?”
	“Chloe don't be ridiculous. He went mad! And now you're mapping out graves... you've been wearing those pajamas haven't you, wandering in the Clover graveyard.”
	“Well what do you expect me to wear when you're not around?”
	“That explains the looks I've been getting, the glances, the chatter I know is about me... Chloe, maybe you need to see somebody. Professionally.”
	“I should have known I couldn't trust you with this,” Chloe sighed. “You want to take it from me don't you. Everything I've worked so hard on.” She looked up at her mom.
	“Don't look at me like that.”
	“Like what?” Chloe asked.
	“Like I'm some sort of monstrous villain.”
	“You don't want me to look at you that way, then don't take away what I love.”
	“Look, it's been hard for you to, how shall I say it, adjust this year. Maybe you might like to spend some time... out of town.”
	“For the summer?” Chloe brightened up. “I'd love to go.”
	“Maybe I can talk to a pastor about Bible camp.”


Whispers of Comfort from the Godmother


	Chloe didn't quite no how her mother would take it, being kicked out of bible camp. She didn't exactly know what to tell her. The head pastor just told her to leave and that was that. He refunded the whole portion of the camp fee, and sent Chloe home with the check. She didn't bother to open it and see the refund portion. She figured any number was going to be depressing, high or low. 
	So when Chloe's mother showed up she just handed her the check.
	“The pastor said you just didn't fit in,” Chloe mother asked. “I don't get it. What did you do?”
	“I stole a book.”
	“That's it?”
	“Well, I kind of broke into the pastor's private study to get it.”
	“You what? What else did you take?”
	“Nothing.”
	“Do you think he just doesn't want any students in his study? That he's uncomfortable knowing you might do it again?”
	“Yes, I'm sure that's it.”
	“I can't say I this comes as a surprise, well in some ways.”
	“What ways?”
	“I just thought they would have kicked you out for doing something. Like premarital sex. I didn't expect them to just tell you to leave and give me my money back.” The car was eerily quiet. “Why don't I cash this check and you can look through some of my catalogues. By yourself a nice new pair of pajamas. Two actually. I expect you'll be wearing them a lot.”
	“But you don't want me to wear them.”
	“But you're already doing it when I'm not around. I might as well get used to it.”
	Chloe couldn't help but wonder if her mother was trying some weird reverse psychology on her. If she was, it was a terrible tact. Chloe was just going to wear them even more. She wouldn't even have to bother to leave the house. 
	She had to admit, however, she was at a lack of things to do. The graveyard project had been growing stale. Her little town's local history only had little surprises from here on, and she didn't have access to the Internet. She just had the one book by William Blake which she needlessly secreted away from her parents. Her mother stopped looking.
	Chloe herself passed into a state of depressed boredom. She began her day picking one of Blake's proverbs of hell and reflecting on it. That really fired her up to get something accomplished, but what? All the things she'd come to love in the past year had one thing in common: they were total surprises. They were things she hadn't had the imagination to conceive their existence. Winter, the obituaries, Blake... now she understood life was full of unimagined things. Some of that magic fizzled now that she was awake. 
	After that claustrophobic bible camp experience the summer turned out a bit lazy. Chloe tried one of those summer reading programs but the books kept falling flat. The Catcher in the Rye—like she really wanted to read about a character that reminded her of herself from last year. 1984, whose protagonist lived in a world of constant surveillance didn't look appetizing. Lord of the Flies lasted for a bit, until all the children gathered around withdrawn Simon and murdered him. Thank you William Golding, she thought, now I know I'll be the first to be murdered if my class gets stuck on a desert island. 
	In the end she ended up spending a fair amount of time with her parents. Gardening with her mother and helping her father try to fix one of those hopeless cars from two decades ago. She didn't really care if it worked though. She just liked looking at how the parts fit together. She blanked when her father explained a clutch pedal or a carburetor.
	Yes, it was one of those summers when you indeed kind of wished to go back to school again. Though of course she didn't really want to deal with the same isolation and shunning that had happened the previous year. But when she did return things were a tad different. With some of the cheer leading squad changed via girls graduating it hadn't harbored the same animosity as before. 
	She also hadn't realized the effect of leaving the squad when it was full. There were tryouts at the beginning of the year and plenty of spaces opened. When she'd unceremoniously quit there'd only been one opening, one that a number of envious girls were hoping to fill by dumping on Chloe. 
	Now that Chloe's social status was firmly rooted as “the weird girl” the push to keep her there was not intense, provided she remain alone. There was a brand new group of freshman as well. She picked out a group of rather anemic boys that loved Dungeons and Dragons. She didn't expect to grow enamored to anything, but Dungeons and Dragons was associated with devil worship amongst a number of students, and a devotee of William Blake was always curious about the so-called diabolic.
	She didn't quite know what they'd think at having an attractive senior paying attention to her and frankly she didn't care. She was just curious about the game. Kelvin, the leader of the group and the dungeon master or DM, explained some of the game in some detail and Chloe asked if she might come to a session and read the books. 
	There was immediate agreement. A fourteen year old penis didn't really care if the girl who seemed interested was considered weird. She caused quite a stir when she showed up at Kelvin's house in her pajamas. After Kelvin's parents made it quite clear that the game was not a sleepover party (40 minutes) she went down into the group's dusty basement. Kelvin explained to her the story up until the point when she arrived. He had made her a character that was already integrated into the story line, but she shrugged it off and said she wanted to make her own. 
	“You might not get a chance to play if start from scratch with a new character.” He gave her a book which didn't look the least bit exciting, and said, “But you can look in the PHB if you want.”
	“I don't want anything from the PHB,” she replied instantly. It was clear the boys were trying to incorporate her into the activity, which she enjoyed the opportunity to make difficult for them.
	“But you haven't even looked through it.”
	“You have a book on magic?” She wanted to press that supposed D and D/devil worship button as hard as she could, just to see what would result. Kelvin got up to look at some of his books. As DM, he had been in charge of the group but he really wasn't in a position to reject Chloe's wishes. The wrath of his three friends upon Chloe leaving the group did put him in a difficult position. 
	He gave a Chloe a book that was an index of “magic prestige classes” whatever that meant. It was something of a collection of more unusual magic users. Chloe flipped through it for a while. The level of detail and statistics, along with the wide variety of magic effects was a bit impressive, although it seemed kind of odd to need so many rules to pretend to be wizards or elves. 
	She kept looking at the books quite the way she admired her father working on the car, pondering an interesting intricacy every so often. Then she flipped to exactly the right page. “Necromancer”. Her was a place to push that devil worship button again. Although by now, she figured out the effect she was hoping for. Inside, she wanted at least one of the boys to be accosted, to stand up and defend their past time and to go into length about their passion for it, which she did not currently understand. She might even take that one on a date, once, and let him be the envy of his friends for a little while. 
	She waited until the boys had settled into their precombat Mountain Dew break and declared, “I want to be a necromancer.”
	Kelvin looked over at her, “Oh, well you can't be necromancer, we're playing a good party.”
	“Why not?”
	“Well because necromancers are evil.”
	“Ok wait. I have a question.”
	“Yes?”
	“You're about into combat right? I thought I heard that.”
	“Yeah.”
	“You guys fight monsters a lot right?”
	“It's typical.”
	“Well, it says here I've got to sacrifice creatures to stay connected with my god. If we're always battling monsters, why can't I just sacrifice some of them to my god. Then I wouldn't be evil because I wouldn't have to kill people.”
	Kelvin seemed affronted. “You can't sacrifice a monster to an evil god. They only accept offerings of creatures of good alignments.”
	“Well, why do I have to worship an evil god to have necromantic powers? And why do I have a worship a god. Can't I worship like, a good goddess who just you know, hangs out in the underworld and shepherds the dead. There are like, goddesses of the dead in this game right?”
	One of boys, Travis, spoke up. “We can make up a good aligned goddess of the dead. I mean we don't have to follow the books completely.”
	Internally Chloe sighed. Whoever these boys were, they'd been playing the game a long time. It was possible her devil worship innuendo would fly past them all completely. This indeed proved the case when the adjusted the game's alignment system to accommodate her character idea. It seemed pretty dumb to sum up a character's outlook on life with two words, which was basically what the alignment system did. The game unilaterally considered creatures from the grave to be evil, and if Kelvin was going to play the world as it was written in the books, there wasn't any room for a good necromancer. 
	If Kelvin stayed true to either game or perhaps life, a necromancress with skeletal companions would be shunned immediately. Behavior that was not entirely unexpected. But Kelvin let her walk around with her undead companions, even though this violated rules he'd been playing with for three years. 
	Obviously raising an objection was going to take a little effort and the whole combat thing was pretty boring. She instructed Kelvin that her character would just raise the dead corpses of monsters and fight with them whenever the group killed one.
	So combat proceeded and the monsters were vanquished. Upon returning to town Chloe said, “I talk to the first woman I see.”
	“What do you say to her?” Kelvin asked.
	“I might your husband in the netherverse some years ago, and he told me, should I ever see you again, that I should tell you he loves you very much.”
	“You can't know her husband, you haven't even met her yet.”
	“Yeah, but I'm a necromancer. I'll just fake it.”
	“She's seventeen.”
	“Well she could have had an arranged marriage.”
	“She's just some girl.”
	“Well then, I just say that to some girl. What happens?”
	Kelvin put all his materials down for a while and left. She hoped he wasn't crying. She'd feel mean and he'd be pathetic.
	“That was awesome,” Travis responded, “Tell him you want to play in the Ravenloft setting. We wanna play Ravenloft but Kelvin won't run it.”
	“Why don't one of you guys run it?” she replied suggestively.
	“Well Kelvin has all the books.”
	“Oh,” Chloe replied. “You would need a Ravenloft book for this right?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Hmm...” she said with a smile. “I'll get you your book.”
	The boys all looked around her in silence and waited for Kelvin to come back down.
	“Hey Kelvin,” Chloe started, “The boys and I have been talking. We want to play Ravenloft.”
	“Ravenloft! My dad will never let me get the Ravenloft book!”
	“Well Jesus,” she responded. Don't any of your parents have like, a liquor cabinet? Prescription pain medication? Just slip it into the right senior's hand and you can get any book you want!” Then Chloe got up in a huff and asked to be escorted home. Which, given Kelvin's perceptions of Chloe as some kind of sexual predator happened quite quickly. 
	It was both charming and anticlimatic. She kind of liked the idea of still playing pretend at her age and was curious to perhaps try this game out in the future. But it would definitely not be with these boys. She could tell she worked up to the status of some sort of goddess in their eyes and she didn't want their drool. But she pulled a surprise like Winter had, she'd made them fully realize that they could truly disobey their parents. 
	
	Chloe tried similar antics over the coming months, but her reputation as the weird kid eventually left her isolated from everybody. The only one who seemed to be enjoying her efforts was her history teacher. What was the most important event in the American Revolution? Her response: “the end of the Salem Witch Trials, which showed that the country people be should be punished based on reason and not superstitious labels like witch or devil worshipper, or else I'd be in serious trouble.” That one was a A+, it was the last surprise she'd managed to pull on anyone that year. 
	People she'd found, developed a barrier against novelty when they were consistently exposed to it. That's just weird seemed to thoughtlessly combat much of what Chloe could imagine. It seemed everyone around her had the ability to categorize something as “abnormal” and because it didn't fit in with their normal thoughts or habits they could then let it pass from memory unexamined.
	It was a frustrating truth she was dealing with, though the question that truly kept her up at night was “Why am I doing this?” She had previously felt a deep urge to put herself out there with her cheerleader friends, as much scorn as this caused. Now, after the fall out, she felt compelled to go out and do it again, with wilder antics and a bigger crowd, as if she had learned nothing of the results. 
	By the time Chloe turned eighteen that year she was a complete fireball. She didn't have any friends, and the only way for her to get attention seemed to be to make a spectacle of herself. This she may have done easily if she could connect with someone. But the onlookers were only looking for the amusement. Not even the freshman trusted her to let her get away with that stunt like the one with those gamers. She couldn't explain Winter or graveyards or pajamas or Blake or anything else to anyone. Her mind was taken as such a joke that she was regularly solicited for drugs. 
	In one last ditch effort she screamed at her English teacher, “Innocent people suffer because there is no God!” The only real reason she uttered it, and to the English teacher, was that she was pious and knew the whole school would be talking about her, if even in a negative light. For what would be the rest of the senior year she locked herself in her room with obituaries and didn't say a word.
	Her mother, who'd known of no way to console her daughter, washed her pajamas and folded them neatly on the bed. Chloe's father finally stepped in and insisted on therapy. A diagnosis of bipolar disorder floated around, but failed to accomplish much as Chloe refused to take any medication. Seeing Chloe adamant, he did not push the issue. She spent much of her time rambling at him, convinced he'd terminate the therapy on account of her being too weird.
	Then a surprise came from him. “What,” he asked, “are you trying to tell me? You want the other students to understand you, don't you? That's why you take such great lengths to get their attention, isn't it?”
	Chloe nodded, “They're terrible listeners. I don't know if they deserve to know.”
	“Know what?”
	“I don't know God damnit!”
	“It's ok if you don't know. But it's making you break touch with reality. After high school, when you're on your own, you're going to have to deal with other people, whether you can explain this thing or not. You do understand this, don't you? There's nothing wrong with being different. But you're letting it destroy you.”
	“I want to be destroyed.” 
	“You're not, thinking of harming yourself are you?”
	“Have you considered harming yourself?”
	“That's not what I mean,” she sighed, feeling a little more in control. “You know Winter di Bacco?”
	“You've mentioned her before.”
	“Her family found out about the embezzlement. That's why they had to leave.”
	“You still miss her a great deal.”
	“Yes.”
	“Then I want you to try something for me. Think about Winter. Then pick someone you feel some sympathy towards. Try to find what you liked in Winter in them. Do I think you can do that?”
	“I could see how that might help,” she responded, though in the hours ahead she found that it did not. Trying to find even the most modest replacement for her friend seemed a betrayal. She threw her pen and paper, closed her eyes and thrust open her window to yell one word, though the tears held her silent.
	“Antonia!” Chloe didn't know what happened at that point, put in some form she received an answer.
	“Yes?” she heard. “You called? You miss my little Winter don't you?”
	“Terribly.”
	“She's Nina's you know. My youngest, she's her ancestor. She's a lot like you.”
	“Winter?”
	“No, Nina. Turned sideways and screaming to be let into the world. I had the wisdom to get out of the way.”
	“Out of the way? She was inside you.”
	“And I let myself be turned inside out for her.”
	“The pain...”
	“... is merely the transition. Once you've stepped through the curtain, it's just a memory.”
	“I want my story god damnit! You had your palace of the Ice Czars. I want mine!”
	“And you will have it, with a will like that. You're a lot like me, before the vineyard. All passion and no target.”
	“No! I have a target.”
	“You do now.” Antonia smiled.
	“It's right here in front me. I just haven't been able to put it together... William Blake is the kind of person you keep private. Understanding his work requires putting aside the assumption that the devil is evil. Assumptions are rarely put aside, especially that one. I remember that day I played with those boys in their basement. I told them a story. A story of a future where they didn't listen to authority figures. I really reached them. I... haven't reached that magnitude since because... nobody trusts me anymore. They're always on their guard with me, because they know I'm not in their normal range of experience. If everyone's on their guard then I need to leave.”
	“You are a giver, Chloe, but do not be afraid to take what you need.”
	Chloe opened her eyes and found herself on the floor, with little recollection of how she got there. Had she imagined the whole episode with Antonia? It didn't matter. She would be making plans to leave the next day.
	

The New Woman and the New Economy


	Chloe found herself taking the very advice she'd offered a few months ago. All she really needed to go somewhere was the right person to give the valium she'd been prescribed. It wasn't the most savory experience, walking up to a van owned by one Jankins, the guy always decked out in unwashed hoodies and fake designer shades, and who everyone decided to call by his last name. 	“You... want to know where my source is?” she asked. This was a standard question of his “damn girl, where's your source” as if any peculiarity she displayed had to be explained by drug consumption.”
	“I've been asking.”
	“I've got valium.”
	“You... don't seem like a downer girl.”
	“No. That's why I'm pawning it off.”
	“Oh. What do you want?
	“The city. Las Estrellas. I'd like to go. Over the weekend, maybe for longer.”
	“You think you need Valium to get me to take you to the city? I'll take you anytime.”
	“I'd rather sell the Valium.”
	“Ok. Fine. Ok. Fine. I'm heading off that way for the weekend.”
	“I'm packed. Whenever you want to go.”
	“Well shit, we don't need to stay in school. Hell, I think we could make a swing out to Sylvan Gates if we left right away. Sylvan's a new rich suburb of Las Estrellas. I can unload some Valium there alright.”
	“You gonna roll up in a van smelling like you haven't showered and they're not going to think you look suspicious?”
	“No, I stock a lot of clothes in the back. I just look like the guy picking up the laundry. It's not like they'd be looking for a thing like that. Sylvan Gates is a strange place.”
	“Strange?” Chloe asked. She didn't quite know what passed for strange with Jankins.
`	“Well, see the built this gated community on the edge of the city. Surrounded by granite walls and everything. You know, so rich folks can be alone and jack each other off on how rich they are? But then there's the whole community area built right next to it. 
	“Playground equipment, barbeque pavilions, you know, inexpensive tourist stuff. Why would a gated community what to attract low income tourists? I don't get it. In any case, you got a bunch of well to do's that look down on weed but will pay top dollar for a prescription bottle.” 
	“Sure, we can stop over at Sylvan Gates for a dope deal.”
	“There we have it. But before we go I got ask one question.”
	“I've never done acid.”
	“No. What's with the pajamas? You wear them all the time. What do you wear to bed?”
	“I like my clothing loose. I want it to drape down a little bit.”
	“Like that girl Winter's clothes?”
	“Yeah.”
	“She was messed up. Had a good racket though I had to admit. Telling fortunes, what a load of crap.”
	“People make their own luck.”
	“Yeah. So where do you want to go in Las Estrellas?”
	“I'm not sure.”
	“Really, why such a rush to get there then?”
	“You wouldn't understand. Drop me off at the Central Plaza. Pick me up later.”
	“You don't want me to show you around? There's lots to see.”
	“No. I'd rather go on my ownsome.”
	“You don't trust me?”
	“Let me put it to you this way...” there was a long pause.
	“What, you gonna tell me?”
	“Give me some time. It's not like we don't have a several hour car ride if we ditch school. You ever have a girl have something to say that needed a little time?”
	“Well, usually that's when a girl's breaking up with you and won't just come out and say it.”
	“I see. You don't get it at all.”
	“Yeah. Well, give me an indication.”
	“Let's just get in your van and go off.”
	“Don't need to ask twice.”
	The pair popped in the van and headed off. It was too early to let anyone notice them leave.”
	Chloe sat down and imagined what the best words were to use, to explain something: lost to fortune, blood truth, the palace of the Ice Czars to someone who would just dismiss it somehow as drug induced. At last it dawned her to challenge his view on drugs.
	“Do you ever wonder what sobriety is?”
	“It's the absence of drugs. It's the worst high in the world.”
	“But why do we come back to it? When the drug over why do we go back to sobriety. Why does it take another drug to leave sobriety again?”
	“Hey, if I could find a drug that would make me permanently high, I'd take it.”
	“But it doesn't exist. Why not?”
	“You said you were going to tell me something. What's with the 20 questions?”
	“Hypothetical questions. They are a manner of communicating.”
	“I guess.”
	“So if everyone knew what it was like to get high. I mean like, heroin style, do you think everyone would be users?”
	“What are getting at? The world needs square sobers to survive? That I'm just some leech living off the sober world?”
	“No, you don't need to get defensive. There's just so much energy making the brain operate differently than the way it was programmed.”
	“Well that's because the way it was programmed sucks.”
	“Well, that's wanted I wanted to say.”
	“What, that the brain is programmed to be sober?”
	“Yes.”
	“It took you that long to say that? I knew that.”
	“But you don't appreciate it.”
	“I just don't see what the big deal is.”
	“I suppose you wouldn't. I'm off. I'll meet you at the security gate in a bit.”
	“Yeah, give me about an hour and a half.”

	Sylvan Gates was quite the way Jankins described it. A wall of granite with gated security surrounded about a hundred three story homes. Then just barely outside the very walls erected to keep the lower crust out, there were all the trappings of a free park. Pavillions, half court basketball, and tire swings. 
	As Chloe and Jankins went to the entrance of Sylvan Gates, Chloe responded, “Why don't you let me out? I'll be in the area.”
	“I was about to ask you the same. Don't want to reveal my route after all. 
	Chloe went around the length of the park. It reminded her of some state park with the picnic tables and the greenery. Things were calm, which seemed befitting of a new project. She wondered just how long everything had been set up. How much were they actually promoting the place to the general public. 
	Chloe came to what she had thought was the exit because it was the end of the picnic area. Suddenly she found herself down an alley with a chain of open market food vendors. Chloe didn't have much money to spend, but all the food was free. Sizzling oil roaring ovens filled the air. As it was still closer to breakfast time this was where everyone was. 
	Chloe ordered an omelette loaded with cheese, onion, green peppers, mushrooms, spinach, bacon and ham. She didn't think it was possible to fit all of this into an egg mixture but quickly found out she was mistaken. As she chomped away at her breakfast, Chloe noticed a marked shift in population. The pavilion area was obviously for people of modest means. Down the food market there were a number of men in business suits. They didn't seem interested in eating and spoke a great deal to people not in suits. It seemed a bit odd, wearing a suit generally  seemed to indicate you were going to be talking to other people in suits. 
	A man in his thirties with slick backed hair approached Chloe.
	“Morning miss.”
	“Morning.”
	“You just wake up?”
	“Thought I should get some breakfast.”
	“Shouldn't you be in school?”
	“Lessons with the tutor start at noon today. Thought I'd be out and about.”
	“A tutor you say?”
	“Yes. A Spanish teacher. Is there something wrong?”
	“How old are you?”
	“Eighteen.”
	“Well then,” the man fidgeted with his tie. For someone who wore comfortable and loose fitting pajamas the sight was humorous. “There's a special area in the park. Quite high class. It's obvious you're a little different than the people who ordinarily come here. You interested?”
	Chloe wondered why there wouldn't be a dress code at a place like that. She took a more confident tone however. “Yeah, and what would that be?”
	“It's a gambling den. There's nine machines.”
	“Why would I want to gamble?”
	“Pick number eight and you won't be disappointed. It's the machine set on winner mode. Here let me walk you over there.”
	Chloe walked down the alley with the man in a suit. The smells were overpowering and impossible for Chloe to really process. She'd never been around so much hot food, and salt, sugar, oil, and meat were everywhere. It seemed almost designed to lose one's control and pig out as much as possible. 
	“You going to college, miss?”
	“Chloe. Yes, I'm off to college next year.”
	“You given any thought to how you'll pay?”
	“My parents can afford it.”
	“Of course, of course. What do you think you'd like to do after?”
	“I don't know.”
	“You want to have your own house maybe? Your own business?”
	“I guess. I don't know.”
	“Well, let me give you some brochures on the topic.” The pair continued walking as the when pulled out some promotion brochures. Chloe looked over them and felt this new suitor was just trying to sell something. Chloe had no interest in buying, but was curious about getting a loan to buy something of importance. She hadn't the slightest clue on how she was going to tell her story, whatever it was. One thing did seem clear. Whatever it was that she wanted, it needed direct contact with human beings. That desire that had made Chloe scream was the desire to connect to people. 
	She still hadn't known what to think about her experience with Antonia. Did she make it up? Was it a hallucination or a vision of some kind? Whatever it was, she could still feel a boldness and sense of purpose inside, changing her. Antonia seemed so gentle, but Chloe found herself in a new fiery disposition. Winter had talked about Antonia's ruthless protection of her children. It was rumored she'd had people killed on their behalf—but characteristically no one could prove anything. Had she taken her in as one of her own?
	“Miss? You thinking about the business maybe.”
	Chloe realized how much she'd drifted off. “Yeah, it would be cool to have my own business.” Having business meant having control and having customers, two things that seemed necessary for her.
	“Any thought to what kind of business?”
	“No.”
	“Well,” the man retrieved yet another brochure. Financial Investment and New Business. It explained how much money a typical business would need on credit. This was a sales pitch of some sort, to get her to think about getting a loan.
	“So where are these slots anyhow?”
	“They're right down the end of the lane. The machines only take quarters. Here's a roll. Remember, machine number eight. Here's my card. Jeremy Pilkington, Public Relations, The Center for the New Economy. New Economy? The man had already left Chloe before she could ask any questions. 
	Chloe went through a pair of double doors shaped in old saloon style. There were nine machines all occupied except for number eight.
	A man reading a financial magazine barely noticed her presence.
	“I have a roll of quarters.”
	“Slot number eight,” the man pointed, not looking up. It was odd that the man inviting her to the machines would be so friendly, and the operator would act as if you didn't exist. In any case, Chloe sat down. The slot machine didn't appear any different from any other, with a standard lever on the side and three columns of cherries, dollar signs, and black BAR's. Chloe place a quarter in the slot and pulled, winning fifteen dollars straight off the bat. 
	Something happened then that Chloe didn't get. The machine didn't pay back in quarters. She'd thought a slot would give you a cheap thrill of winning and then hope you put all your quarters back, earning nothing. This machine just kept totals. Chloe made it through her roll winning $157. The man didn't lie about the machine being perfect, though at a glance everyone else seemed to be doing well too. 
	Chloe pressed a button on the slot labeled “Acquire Earnings” and a slip printed out, noting her of her winnings and directing her back to the desk with the bored clerk. He took her ticket without much ceremony and counted out $157 as if this were all quite common place. 
	Chloe knew she needed to get back to the security gate before Jankins got impatient and left without her. When she made it to the gate he wasn't there. Beginning to panic she asked the security guard, “Has a black van come out of here.”
	“Calm down miss, you look a little winded. From your pajamas I'm guessing today is laundry day. The black laundry van is still making rounds. I'm sure you can get your laundry in if you hurry.”
	“Sure. Have you ever wondered where they got the money or approval for this park I've been living next to?”
	“Government grant of some kind.”
	“What kind?”
	“They just said don't ask.”
	“Hmm... do you have a newspaper?”
	“Sure. I'm almost done reading the sports section. You have a favorite spot in the paper?”
	“Obituaries.”
	“Whoa. Never read those. Sound morbid.”
	“No. They're written for the living.”
	“For honoring memories? Hmm... I guess I never thought of it like that before.” The man looked down at Chloe, who was beaming. “What's so funny?”
	“Nothing, I just had an amusing thought.”
	“You're a strange one you are. Here I'll dig out that section. Oh, look, he pointed. There's your laundry van. I'm sure tomorrow you'll be able to wear regular clothes.”
	Jankins passed through the gates and turned so that the guard couldn't see the insides of the van.
	“Who said I couldn't wear regular clothes?” she asked, jumping in.

	“I pawned off your valium for a nice $100 dollars.”
	“Where's my cut?”
	“Your cut is a ride. You didn't ask for any money. You can't negotiate now.”
	“I just, what am I going to do in the city without any money?”
	“You said take me so I take you.”
	“Well what about when I ask for a refill?”
	“I can front you a little money, and I do mean front. As in the valium's in my hands as soon as you get it.”
	“Sure,” Chloe responded, gloating.
	“You have any idea what to do in the city, or were you just looking for something to out of town. You didn't make me wait so I'm thinking maybe I could drop you off again.”
	“Make some more deals?”
	“You ever had Oxycontin?”
	“No, and I'm not looking to try.”
	“You sober people hang to your reality too much. You're afraid that you'll feel good, and you can't take it.”
	“That isn't why people don't do drugs.”
	“Then why?”
	“Put your foot on the gas pedal.”
	Jankins started speeding off. “Then to Las Estrellas. But you haven't answered my question.”
	Chloe looked down at the obituaries, “Keith Alexander, 73, died of a heart attack last evening the Hands of Las Estrellas hospital.”
	“What are you talking about.”
	“It's the newspaper. The obituaries.”
	“We would you read a thing like that?”
	“You're not the least bit curious about dying? You will some day. Might as well have some notion of what to expect.”
	“You implying I'm going to OD?”
	“No, not in the slightest. You'll die through some other cause I'm sure.”
	“Alright enough of this shit. I'll pay you $20 just to shut up. Fish me out a bottle a water in the back. Don't worry, I'm not taking enough not to drive, unless you don't change the subject.”
	“Don't worry. I've got a newspaper.”
	“Ok then. Don't say a word. Don't need you to on Oxy.”
	
	Now that Chloe was in a van heading towards the city it struck her how little planning had gone into it. She hadn't the slightest idea where to go. Where was she supposed to look for her story? She'd made the full determination that she had to go to the city. She was going to find something. Maybe it would, in the end, turn out to be something small. She remembered the feeling of triumph with that interaction with the guard.
	She looked over at Jankins who was in fact starting to nod off. She grabbed his forearm and pulled. “I thought you were okay to drive,” she mutter to him.
	“I'm fine. I'm fine.”
	“No you're not.”
	“What?”
	“Nothing. Just focus on the road.”
	“I need some excitement.”
	“I thought you were looking to get glazed.”
	“Check the back pocket behind my seat. I need some uppers.”
	Chloe reached back and pulled out a bottle that looked like a jury rigged nasal spray. She retrieved it, and held it just out of reach. Jankins stretched out for it. But Chloe pulled it back and stuck out her tongue and curled it.
	“What are you my little sister? Give me the damn cocaine.” Jankins lurched and the vehicle pulled into an incoming traffic lane.
	“Watch the road!” Chloe yelled and Jankins straightened out.
	“Well you give me the cocaine?”
	Chloe passed over the nasal device. If he didn't get her killed on the way to the city Chloe was starting to find Jankins amusing. She didn't think he had it in him to take a normal job. But put him in a black market and it seemed like something he could handle. He understood immediate gratification, and likely to say he was probably completely comfortable with people who lived for instant reward. Yet put him in a car with her, who'd spent two years looking for something she still couldn't describe and he was quite agitated. He'd definitely never take her anywhere without incentive. Yet she wondered if he'd always take her anywhere, if he had incentive. It was a quandary.
	But maybe there was something to this self-gratification. She did have $157 tucked away, and was going to be getting some “front” money which she contemplated never paying. There were other high schoolers with cars. Though she had to admit it was comforting that no matter what she did the guy would never snitch. 
	“Look,” Jankins interrupted Chloe's thoughts, “I've got things to do in the city. Here's my pager. You... if you don't call it in a week I'll tell your parents. Discretely of course.” Something seemed to make him quite uncomfortable. Chloe had two thoughts. One was a cocaine low and the other a genuine concern.
	“I want to go shopping.”
	“With $20? There's some good thrift stores...”
	“No, take me to somewhere, exotic.”
	“Exotic? Ok. Deco Street it is. I'll be out. You want to be on your ownsome the whole daily. You don't think you'll get lonely.”
	“I'm Chloe Ingram.”
	“Oh. Yeah, that's right.”

	Jankins dropped Chloe off at a place called “Lucidity”. When she wanted exotic she meant strange and unusual. She didn't expect to be dropped off at some combination lingerie and fetish fashion store. Still, it was clothing she wouldn't be allowed to wear at home so it was interesting enough. 
	She walked into the store and had to fight the urge to burst out laughing, from the tiger print underwear to the thigh high leather boots. Moreover, the attendants, who were all female, seemed to be required to wear the stores inventory. She most certainly stood out amongst the patrons of the store. 
	“Is there something I can help you with?” came a rather condescending tone and stare. The girl was dressed in a cat suit and don't exactly seem like she was in a position to be snotty, as though her clientele were somehow more sophisticated than her. 
	“Looking for now,” she replied, although she felt watched like she planned on stealing something. Chloe ambled about what seemed to be pawned off as attractive here. Black most certainly seemed to be the color of sex. Red posed a clear but distant second and seemed more to her taste. Still there seemed to be an awful lot of hard clothing—leather, pvc that just looked completely uncomfortable. 
	Would a guy drool over a leather corset she could barely breathe in? Chloe toyed with the idea. She pictured herself in something sexy, bringing it home in front of all the guys, get them all excited and turn them all down for a more mature man. Something that said, “Hey guys, you missed your chance. Go home and fantasize about what could have been. 
	Then she caught wind of a combo black PVC corset/short skirt. It really was quite atrocious, with belt loops instead of leather strings to tighten it. 
	“I'll try this one,” she told an employee. It was $280, and it would seem obvious she wasn't going to buy it. 
	“I'm not so sure that will fit.” The saleslady told her.
	“You don't?” Chloe protested. “Why not,” she yawned, pulling her arms to pull her pajamas closer to her body. She'd learned well by now women who wore loose clothes weren't expected to have a figure. 
	“Hmmm... maybe I was mistaken,” The lady got up on a stepladder to retrieve the dress.  “You will have to take a photo of yourself in the dress to try it on.”
	“Oh really?”
	“Store policy.”
	She felt herself being offered a challenge. The saleslady had to know she hadn't the cash to pay for the item and was hoping to intimidate her into backing down. But she brazenly took the thing into the dressing room for a fit. It was something of an ordeal. The dress might have been ok to slip into of it was just tight. But it was tight and unyielding. It seemed to insist Chloe's body fit into a different shape.
	When she finally got it on she didn't know what to think. She couldn't help thinking she looked like a slut, especially because the damn corset made her breasts look like they were going to pour out of it as soon as they got the chance. The skirt was short enough she was afraid her underwear or pubic hair might peek out. Still, there was something about it, the idea of strutting around in it. Something was seductive about being able to lure any man she wanted, especially since her high school life had been so sexless. But it wasn't quite her. Now if some guy came into the store and bought it for her because he wanted to see her in it, that might be different. She just wanted some feminine clothes that fit her body but didn't need to remind men that she had upper thighs or an ass. But she'd been challenged on the picture, so she walked about of the dressing room. 
	The saleslady outside with a camera was poised to take a shot as soon as Chloe left the dressing room, in case she chickened out. But then rather then take a shot the woman insisted she zip into some thigh boots and be holding a lit clove cigarette as she took the picture. This was ridiculous. An outfit that showed off the tops of her thighs and then covered everything else. 
	“Wow,” she said, looking at a Polaroid. That will help this thing sell. Maybe you should model.
	“This thing's uncomfortable. I'm going to take it off.”
	“In the dressing room, please,” she smiled.
	The damn thing was as hard enough to get out of than in. She came out and replied, “You got anything comfortable? You know, more like what I'm wearing now?”
	“Our line's a little... elaborate. It's not like this one size fits all pajama thing you've got going on. You'd be best to find what looks good and hope for a good fit.”
	Accommodating to one's own clothing seemed antithetical to Chloe and she began thinking maybe she could find an ethnic shop instead. But as she gave the store a once over she did see something appealing in the clearance section. Black gloves, the kind of gloves woman stopped wearing a generation ago. She picked them up, and skipped a breath to realize they were silk. 
	“What about these?” she asked.
	“Those? Yeah sure, they're $40.”
	They were gorgeous, and she made the decision to buy, but she remembered the fun she'd had squeezing $20 out of Jankins. “These little things? They're yesterday don't you think? I live in the city but I've got a younger sister out in the boonies where this stuff is still cool. I'm not so sure I'd pay for forty for them though.
	The saleslady was rather taken aback. She didn't expect this sudden bullshit from an unfashionable girl and gloves had stopped being trendy.
	“How about twenty?” She looked the woman straight in the eyes.
	“Thirty.” 
	“I suppose I could splurge a bit on my little sister,” she replied, reaching for her $30. She walked out of the store and tried not to blush. As soon as she was out of eyesight of the shop she took the gloves straight out of her bag and put them on. Walking amongst the street she come a few more lower end stores and ended with a sleek purse, a red blouse with puffy sleeves for which she had no matching bottom, a pair of well fitting hiking boots. The boots of all were a find, she felt she'd stop being treated so pejoratively for her dress if she had some foot wear that could stomp some ass. One could be confident that as soon as she put all these things together she'd be even more unfashionable than she already was. That didn't seem to matter though, and besides, she realized she was only changing the cover of the book and not the substance. 
	So were go looking for substance after style? Her mind couldn't help but drift back to Winter. “I am to be a Di Bacco for my generation.” Chloe, after all this time still hadn't an idea of being something for her generation, even as she cried herself to sleep sometimes trying to figure it out. 
	Chloe decided that for now, come what may, she might spend her whole time in the city window shopping. Downtown had plenty of shops that were quite like Lucidity in one respect, whatever it was they offered, you couldn't find anywhere else. It was a small pleasure, but one in which she engaged in for a few hours.
	Little memories crept in as the the objects and scents of downtown gave her subtle surprises. She looked at that snippet of conversation with Jankins about sobriety. She had loved how tongue tied he'd gotten after her suggestion that, in the absence of drugs, we were sober for a reason. Memories of those mid-puberty boys realizing that the one guy in the group that had taken control didn't have to be heeded. More joy too in the defeatism of that pastor. That somehow, despite years of seminary school, she had defeated him entirely by the purity of her curiosity and nothing more. 
	In this wandering of her mind things ultimately turning back to her vision with Antonio Di Bacco. She'd never had a vision before or since, and she did not doubt that what revealed to her was true, even if she couldn't know in what way, that Winter was indeed descended from her final baby girl Nina, who she surrendered her life for, and that in the past two years she had indeed been screaming to be liberated from something. Screaming because she hadn't had the words to describe it.
	It wasn't much of a stretch then, to be attracted by a coffee shop she'd stumbled over named Howl Inc. In the wind outside the shop was a long poem named “Howl”. It only took Chloe a few lines to fall in love with it. 

I saw the best minds of my generation
destroyed by madness, starving hysterial naked.

	This seemed to be the place she was looking for, and it was an open mic night. Walking in Chloe recoiled slightly. The sea of black, navy blue, and dark brown shared by both the waitresses and the clientele seemed trite and contrived. However, a cursory examination of the place revealed a shop that encouraged contributions from patrons—band stickers, impromptu art projects, and a long dog-like paper machete snake curled around the top of the ceiling. Much as there seemed to be a disaffected cafe dress code that pops up around dingy artiste coffee shops there were little things with stories that couldn't be replicated. Things had happened here, and the regulars were probably in possession of a good deal of lore.
	Chloe sat down without much pretense. After hours of looking about she'd forgotten about her red shirt / pajama bottom / hiking boot outfit and how awful it made her stand out. She was used to looking different than everyone around her. She sat down and asked for a basic black coffee. Even in her new boots she had grown quite weary of walking but this hadn't been made clear until she actually sat down. Having a limited time she was eager talking to the customers, but she needed some rest first. With all the novelty around her she needed some comfort and familiarity for a brief while. She put down her purse and started going through she old and yellowing favorite obituaries. 
	A man in a gray overcoat, probably in his later twenties, came over to her with the uninteresting observation, "I haven't seen you here before." Then came the smooth talk, "What delights the solitary lady reading in this realm of feigned disaffection?"
	"It's an obituary," she responded suggestively. “Alexander Fenton and his assistant Mrs. Fenton were magicians in the Depression. Nothing but rumors about their profitable little act, that Alex was a pick pocket and 'Mrs. Fenton' was a prostitute moonlighting in show business. Read this, "Shortly after the Great Alexander announced he could cut two women in half and put them together mismatched Alexander took a bullet to the left temple. The feat of illusion was reported to be performed with a second female assistant. But the jealous husband assumed his runaway wife was traveling with the magician in order to have an affair—a very different sort of illusion. Blew his brains out."
	The man in the overcoat sat down and motioned to a waitress. "Those new bottles of absinthe. Have they come in yet?"
	"Just arrived."
	"Bring the lady a drink."
	"Absinthe?"
	"It's just a potent alcoholic drink. It's pretty stiff. You handle stiff?"
	"Sure."
	"It was against the law to import for a long time. They said it made you crazy. An absinthe drinker was seduced by a hallucination called the green fairy. They thought it was the drink, but it was really just that it was distilled with too much copper and people where getting brain damaged."
	"Wow. Know anyone who died from it?"
	"Oh lots." He looked over at her collection of newspapers. "So you like to read obituaries huh?"
	"Certainly. People are so much more interesting in their obituaries. You find out where they were born, who they married, who they cheated on, how they died, who they left behind... not all the stupid bullshit like their favorite tv shows."
	"Hmm..." he trailed off. It was obvious that he was thinking about what she said, and she had to admit it was making her hot. Did the guy know he was buying absinthe for a minor? She wondered. A waitress came down with a dark green bottle and poured the drink out into a shot glass.
	"Don't down it like whiskey, especially if you haven't eaten. Just a little tip of the glass."
	Chloe took a quick sip. She hadn't known what to expect from alcohol, only that the taste was something you had to get used to. Having been previously forbidden, it was something to savor. She thought she could learn to enjoy this. And that it was absinthe too, not something boring like beer.
	"I like it," Chloe responded. "Something to savor instead of something to endure to get smashed."
	"I thought you'd like it." 
	"We're the name come for this cafe?"
	"Howl, the poem. And Incorporated is a joke. As in all coffee shops will be corporations, so we better keep up with the times."
	"You know the poem, Howl?"
	"Sure." He began to recite the open stanzas with a flourish. "The pace is breathless. It's four pages long. Ginsberg was really a voice for his generation." For his generation. He said the words that opened her heart. She felt Winter's presence in the room.. 
	“My boots are killing me,” Chloe responded, bending down in the booth to take off her them. "How exactly does one speak for a generation?" She asked, running her foot up the man's leg.
	The man pretended not to notice at first. "You have something people need to hear, but can't articulate on their own." Chloe felt his leg slide up her other.
	"But how do you get others to listen? You have a message for a generation that needs it. But how do you convince any one they need it?"
	"Hmm..." There the man went thinking again. Just to be touching a man in a suggestive way was almost breath taking for Chloe. She'd kept her urges locked away for some time. But to watch him mull over what she was saying, to have him make her feel her thoughts could be shared, that her isolation could be ended, this was a tad much for her. Her heart fluttered but had no where to go. She needed a release.
	"I suppose not every deliverer of a message is equally received. But then if a message is truly needed I suppose there would be a surplus of messengers. The truth can't stay bottled up for—ever." Tha man flinched back as Chloe's foot began to move towards his crotch. She didn't know quite why she did it, except to see what he'd do. His listening to her made her feel appreciated. It wasn't a matter of returning a favor. Her ladyhood hadn't been appreciated either, and she wanted to see if maybe she could have both."
	"Hey there," he looked over at her. "If you're gunning for my package do it with something other than your foot."
	He'd called her out. She'd made a sexual advance and now it was out in the open. She could retreat like a insecure tease, but there staring her in the face was the guy that all her belittling friends told her she'd never have, and she wanted him. "I'd love to."
	"You think you can handle an older guy?"
	"Yes." she replied, with this 's' pronounced with excellent sibilance. She'd never felt this before, this passionate desire to surrender. 
	"I have a recording of that poem on vinyl in my apartment. There's a few floors above the shop with rooms.”
	“I'd love to.” the words rolled out of her mouth. She knew exactly where things were going. She planned on losing her virginity. The notion was absolutely terrifying, but her heart beating out of control only made the prospect more exciting. By the time she reached the third floor she was slicker than she imagined she could be. 
	She laid down in his bed as he put on the vinyl and she couldn't get through half the poem before she rolled on top of him. Chloe had never quite noticed the effort required to undress until she was doing it one layer at a time. She wanted him to remove her clothes but as she'd already decided to consumate she kept taking the initiative. He sat there moving his hands over her softly. He seemed to already know her body's sweet spots caressing them and maintaining complete control where she felt like a maniac. Within a few moments they were both naked and now she became even more terrified. Was it going to hurt, having a hard penis thrust into her? The man didn't give any indication it would. He just pulled a condom out from his bedside drawer and slipped it on with ease. He started to enter and then stopped suddenly. “You're a virgin.” 
	"Yes. Does that matter?"
	"I didn't expect it. You make love like a woman."
	With that, they were back at it. Something changed however, he was the one that seemed to be loosing control, and soon she felt series of waves between her legs. Then she rolled over and the act was done.
	"So what do you think?" the man asked.
	"I don't know. I guess I didn't expect it to take so many muscles."
	"Huh? Oh that. Feel any different?"
	"A little and a lot."
	"Yeah?"
	"I mean it's just one act. But now it gets me thinking."
	"What?"
	"About a Chloe Ingram for our time."
	"What are talking about?"
	"Me. A messenger of my own. Like Ginsberg. All I have to do is take it. That cafe downstairs seems pretty awesome. I wonder if there might be an opening for a server? I don't live in the city though, that'd be a problem. Maybe if I just talked with the owner."
	"Yeah... about that. I think the owner would be more than willing to consider you for an opening."
	"Really? You know how I might go about talking to him?"
	"Well, going up to his third floor apartment and fucking him isn't a bad start."
	"What? ... Oh." Chloe was reminded she was still naked. "I guess I missed out on that chance."
	"What are you talking about?"
	"I just had sex with you and I didn't know you. I can't imagine you hiring me."
	"Man you really were a virgin. Look, I just happened to be curious about a girl who didn't feel the least bit self-conscious about entering a disaffected cafe in pajamas. I was just curious. Then you did the obituary stuff and I started wondering about you being a server."
	"Really?"
	"Yes. Monday to Wednesday nights here are pretty stale. The obituary girl in pajamas could definitely spice things up I thought. But before I could talk to you more about a job you came back to my apartment and fucked me. You'll forgive me if I saved a job offer until everything was over."
	"You're offering me a job?"
	"Well, you'll have to get work somewhere else too since my opening is Mondays to Wednesdays. And something else. You're a woman now so you'll need women's pajamas. Silk or satin, not cotton, and dark as well. Dark red, blue, or black and make sure they match... just something that doesn't make you look 17."
	"Ok." she replied. She was 17. 
	"And best not to mention sleeping with the boss. Any questions?"
	"I don't have anywhere to sleep tonight."
	“I've got a small couch.”
	Chloe shot off a seductive glance.
	“That I'll sleep on. You can have me bed.”
	"Sure." Then Chloe looked him in the eye and said, “And I don't have any money for a bus ride home.”
	“I'll scrounge up some quarters in the morning.” 

	Chloe woke up naked and embarrassed. She'd slept with a complete stranger. It was irresistible last night but now it seemed like such a horrible idea that she dressed immediately for departure. What the hell did I do?  She asked. Her thought filled with thoughts she completely didn't anticipate. I feel like a slut. He must think I'm a slut. I got a job for being a slut. I want the job but I don't want to sleep with this guy to keep it. I hope I can leave before he wakes up.
	Dressed and ready to go, the thought came to Chloe that maybe her shame and anxiety came from how little the guy had to do in order to sleep with her. Maybe if he'd had to do some work she wouldn't feel so repulsed. He kind of just took advantage of a naïve and sexually neglected teenager. Was that the kind of guy she wanted to be around? No, no it wasn't. 
	She wrote a note and left it by the man's telephone. I'd love the job. Get a hold of me through this number. It's a pager. And she left. She went to a rundown pancake breakfast house to regain her composure. With some food in stomach and some time to let her mind bounce around her skull, she came to the realization that she had been desperate. Years of hammering her undesirability had made her think she'd never get laid. When the scenario unfolded with such ease she'd jumped at the opportunity. 
	But now this myth about her virginity shattered she didn't feel compelled to rush into the act. It had been a good experience but that was it. Temporary and fleeting. There was more, Chloe felt confident, to being a woman other than having sex. It felt completely unimportant now. It only seemed a punctuation mark on a day of... surprise.
	That was one of the words Chloe had been looking for this whole time. Surprise. It didn't explain things completely, but a little string pulled in her heart the moment a phrase came together. Chloe Ingram, bringer of surprises. 
	“So how'd the big city go?” Jankins asked Chloe on their way back home.
	“Oh, nothing much. Got a job offer,” Chloe said offhand.
	“You apply somewhere?”
	“No. Just got offered a job.”
	“Why'd someone offer you a job?”
	“Because I'm hot.”
	Jankins chuckled. “You seem different. Word was you were the only frigid girl in the squad. Or at least who was in the squad.”
	“How would you know that?”
	“Word travels about how easy it is to get a woman in bed.”
	Chloe blushed. “I'll keep that in mind.”
	“Frigid as ice. You're still embarrassed to talk about sex at your age.”
	“Whatever. You think maybe we can make more trips to the city?”
	“Of course we can make more trips. Might want to change your story next time.”
	“Change my story?”
	“Yeah. Whatever the hell you told your parents to make them not worry about you.”
	“Ouch. I didn't tell them a thing.”
	“Seriously?”
	“What?”
	“Your parents have probably called the cops, and I'm guessing somebody saw you leaving in the van. I'm not going to make it far in a vehicle search. I'm dropping you off at Sylvan Gates. You explain what you want to from there.”
	“You're going to leave me stranded?”
	“You think I'm going prison for you? Shit, wouldn't be surprised if there was a kidnapping warrant out for me, damn. I'm doing you a favor not kicking you out right here.”
	Chloe grit her teeth. “I guess I'll make it. I've got money, Sylvan Gates will have food.”
	“That's the spirit.”
	“Spirit nothing. Accepting consequences.”
	“Always a bitch. If it weren't, I'd be out of business. You sure you don't want any Oxy? The ride will be a lot smoother.”
	“No.”

	Jankins dropped Chloe off at Sylvan Gates like he said. There'd be a pay phone of some sort. She found herself wanting something from the place when she returned, but knew it would be best to make the phone call as soon as possible. A slight problem arose from her lack of change. She must have rolled over and had her change fall out of her clothes. She found it odd that the first restaurant she visited hadn't a single quarter. It was common change, and more unusual was the hostility of which she was informed. But pay phones took nickels and dimes so this proved to be only a slight inconvenience. 
	The trouble was with the call. Could she possibly explain losing her virginity, getting a job offer, learning the world to be less lonely, becoming more at peace with herself while feeling an unprecedented level of urgency? No. She didn't plan on reneging with the job offer either, which meant she'd be dropping out of high school. Not exactly the bomb she wanted to drop on her parents after having been missing since Friday. 
	There really wasn't any convenient lie to explain her behavior. She hadn't had a close friend she'd hidden with and she really couldn't say she'd gone against her will when she planned on going back to Las Estrellas as soon as her parents were calm enough to know she'd be alright. So, she thought, skipped school for Las Estrellas, found a job, dropping out of high school. One by one. She put five dimes into the pay phone.
	“Hello?” Chloe's mother answered. The voice was haggard.
	“It's Chloe. I'm alright.”
	“Chloe? Where have you been? What's going on? Why have you disappeared?”
	“It's Chloe. I'm alright.”
	Chloe's mother panted gruffly into the phone. “You're alright. You're alright. Good God you're alright.”
	“I'm sorry mom. I should have called.”
	“Do you have any idea how we've been worrying about you Chloe? No one at school seemed to remember you first period. You didn't even leave a note. If you were going to skip school, and you've never done it before. You could have at least left a note. A note. A note of some kind. I don't know what kind of stunt you had in mind but you could have left a note.”
	“I should have done something. You're right ma. I just... a lot happened this weekend.”
	“Where have you been? You haven't pulled one of your stunts like what got you kicked out of Olive Hills have you?”
	“I wouldn't exactly call it a stunt.”
	“Then what would you call it?”
	“I don't know what I would call it. But I think you might be onto something when you compare it to Olive Hills.”
	“What might that be?”
	“Maybe you think something different about Olive Hills, but I was kicked out because of who I was. I didn't fit the place, the head honcho knew it and sent me on my merry way. I think the opposite just happened. I found a place where I fit in the city. I'm moving there.”
	“What?”
	“I was wandering Las Estrellas and I... well I got a job offer. I'm taking it.”
	“A job? Wandering Las Estrellas you found a job. Did you meet a pimp? Oh dear God I'm sorry I said that Chloe, really I am. But you haven't finished high school. You need to finish your education.”
	“High school isn't education. It's only an endurance contest. I was willing to sit through it and do what I was I told. But... now it's in my way.”
	“Look, Chloe, finding a job isn't the easiest thing to do. I'm shocked that you pulled it off on a weekend. But you can get another job. You can't erase the fact that you're a dropout.”
	“Why should I care? School's never given me the least bit of encouragement. I guess there was some tacit approval with grades, but school never got me excited about anything. I mean, I guess my history teacher gave me a good reading list but...”
	“It's just something you have to do because you have to do it. It's not also easier to hear when you're a teenager...”
	“My age has nothing to do with it! I...”
	“Yes?”
	“I can't explain things over the phone. It's just something complicated happened.”
	“Well, you don't have to do it over the phone. Ever since you quit the squad you have been more withdrawn. But you don't have to be embarrassed to come to me for help. Where are you? Have you even a roof over your head?”
	“Not currently.”
	“You have a home. I'll come pick you up. Just tell me where you are.”
	“I will. But if I want to take that job and leave school, what will you do?”
	“I don't know what I'll do until I have to do it. Is that answer good enough for you?”
	“It's honest. I'm at Sylvan Gates.”
	“Surburbia.”
	“I don't know if I would call it that. The suburbs are supposed to be bland. There's something different about this place. I want to wander just a bit. I don't just want to wait by the pay phone.”
	“It'll take two hours to get there at least. But you better be where I can find you when I get there.”
	“There's a rather strange community outside the gated community. Sylvan Gates itself has a main gate. I'll meet you out there. Two hours from there I'll go to that gate and stare there. No decisions made about the job. Not just from me. From you too.”
	“You know I could kill you. But I'm so very glad you're all right. I'll have to cancel some plans, and then I'll be on my way.”
	Chloe put down the phone with dread. She didn't particularly care to defend this new direction in her life with a set of parents that would be hostile to it before she understood it much herself. 	
	She wanted a cigarette. She'd never smoked, but she'd seen it in other girls, how the act of smoking could put a barrier between you and other people. No one would accuse you of staring into space or get insulted for wanting to be alone because you had something in your hands and a tangible need to satisfy. However, as it turned out, the thing turned out not to be necessary. 
	“That's quite a outfit you got there miss.”
	Chloe ignored any demeaning suggestion this statement might have implied.
	“You like it? Your prefer the boots or the gloves.”
	“The gloves. My mother used to wear gloves like that, at your age. I would be delighted if they came back in style.”
	“What are you here for?”
	“I've some things to take care of.”
	“Things huh? You mean the slots?”
	“Hmm... I'm surprised they'd let little a girl like you know about such things. Yes, some of the financial magazines have been filled cover to cover by business innovations. The New Economy is what they call it. The slot machines are involved, but I can't for the life of me figure out how. All I know is that they've rigged slot machine number six. You put in quarters and you get 8 times what you put in. I don't know how they do it. When gambling with a human they'll inevitably lead you to bet more when you win until you make some stupid bet and go bust. But the machines only take quarters. The pay off is eight times but you still have to bet quarters. It's odd, and I can't figure out how this arrangement is going to lead to any New Economy. But that's what my boss wants me to figure out.”
	“There's nine slot machines. Has it occurred to you that all of them might be rigged?”
	“What makes you think that?”
	“When I used the machines they told me to go for machine eight.”
	“You think they change the machine that's rigged? Get people to squander the money right back?”
	“No, I mean that they're all rigged to work this way, and they're leading people on to the idea that only one is rigged.”
	“But that's impossible. How could a casino run like that?”
	“Well, if this New Economy really changes the game like the business magazines say it does, maybe it's not impossible.”
	“Hmm... you know you're quite clever for a girl your age. You have a mind to show up here regularly?”
	“My life's at a crossroads. I might not see this place again or I may live here.”
	“Well I run an economic development agency for a small city. I have a cousin that manages pensions. We both want to get into the New Economy before the market gets saturated but we don't really have the time. Your observations might be of great value to us. Why don't you take my card?” 
	Chloe looked over the man's business card and then spent an hour and a half discussing the world of finance. Not quite what she expected, but the prospect was there for her to earn money wandering Sylvan Gates on the other days she wasn't working. 


Howl Incorporated


	A return to her parents was inevitable for Chloe. She needed some of her items from the house, and she had to confront her parents personally. It wouldn't be easy. They wouldn't know what they were going to do was try to destory Chloe's new life and conviction. They would just see it as trying to give her some sense. But it wasn't sense that she needed. The last two years had been preparing her for this situation. The move was only the tip of an iceberg finally emerging from the depths. 
	Her mother had insisted on picking her up, even after Chloe informed her she had money for a cab. It was possibly her mother's way of making her wait in anxiety as she had made her parents wait. She wondered if her father would be in the car or if he would have been waiting for her at home. 
	There had always been something of a lop-sided amount of attention from her parents. Her mother had always been the active one. She was the one that worried about Chloe leading the squad, Bible camp had been her idea. It was she that had been so concerned about Chloe's graveyard exploits. 
	It wasn't that her father didn't care for her. He just only seemed to feel the need to see her big moments. When she was on the squad he always showed up to her big games, She had overheard a conversation between him and her mother one night. “Look, when she starts doing drugs and skipping school, then I'll worry.” It didn't seem to matter to him if she were on the squad or in the graveyard, and if there had been some kind of obituary competition he probably have come to that to. 
	There was a fundamental difference between her parents. Her mother seemed to care more about Chloe's life than her own, and her father did not. She had always assumed that that's how mother's were. But now that she had come to defy them rather than merely disobey them, the notion crossed Chloe's mind that her mother was hoping to give Chloe all the things she never had in high school not for Chloe's sake, but for her own. Unable to deal to confront her own regrets, she'd been living through Chloe to keep her from regret. 
	It seemed obvious, given her mother's behavior over the years, but she was still too young to have major regrets, though that time was coming to an end. That would not be too hard to say to her mother as they'd been in tension so long. What would her father say? He was the wild card. He couldn't say “she'll grow out of it” or “she's just a teenager” or any of the other things he'd said to calm her mother's nerves. He'd be anxious too. 
	Chloe wished for a cigarette. She hadn't intended on picking up smoking but it seemed like the perfect barrier between someone's mental hostility. Anything they said could be punctuated with a breath of smoke, every awkward silence extended through an inhale. It would give her something to do as well. She didn't care for just sitting alone with nothing to do, exposed. A person on the move had to be halted and cornered. Anyone moving on a still person didn't face that impediment. 
	Having seen enough red cars, the one she was waiting for finally pulled up by the gates. Her mother was at the wheel and opened the passenger door. Her father was in the back. She entered the car and no one said a thing. What could be said? Her parents hadn't been planning on leaving her to her own devices until high school graduation. This scenario came much too soon.
	“Sylvan Gates is a strange place,” Chloe broke the silence. She thought of showing off the business card but didn't want to risk losing her only copy. “Why would they put so much attention outside those carefully locked gates? There's something hidden here. I can tell.”
	Her parents continued to say nothing. She hadn't expected a silent treatment. She didn't want to hide most of what had happened so she continued.
	“Las Estrellas was a great place. In town I'm all alone, there's just no one like me. I guess I'm kind of rare. But there... there are people like me and I don't feel so alone.”
	“Chloe,” her father began, “What is it that makes you different from everyone else? You are my daughter and I love you... but I stopped trying to understand you a long time ago. I've always said to your mother not to worry about you until, well until something like this. Why did you leave so suddenly? Why couldn't you have just asked for us to take to Las Estrellas? I know you wouldn't have wanted to go off with your parents, but we could have dropped you off, if that's what you wanted.”
	“I know I should have called,” Chloe stated flatly. “But...”
	“But what?” her father asked. 
	“Things happened so fast. My birthday is coming up, you know, 18 and all, and I wished Winter would be around to see it. I needed to escape, and then I found a ride. He wasn't going to wait forever. Then when I was on the road I lost all track of time.”
	“So it was a guy that took you?”
	“I'm not telling you who he was. It would be a betrayal. Nothing happened between us, if that's what you're worried about.”
	“No, no of course not. I'd wring his neck out, if I found out who it was, so I won't make you snitch.”
	Her mother cut in, “I mean I knew you wouldn't, you know, with a guy so quickly. You have a guy friend you haven't told your parents about. 
	“No, the boys at school are just too immature for me. Some guy gave me his number back in Las Estrellas but I didn't really plan on calling him.”
	“Where did you stay?” her mother asked.
	“On some stranger's couch.”
	“Chloe?”
	“Well where would you have wanted me to sleep? I had to do it somewhere.”
	“So what about the job offer?” Her mother continued.
	“Waitress at a coffee shop. A weird coffee shop.”
	Her father chuckled reflexively and uncomfortably. 
	“Waitress at a coffee shop huh?” her father asked. “Seems appropriate for you.”
	“Mark, we're not encouraging her!” 
	“Not encouraging...” he looked out the window. “My little girl at a coffee shop. I suppose it's inevitable. But you have to finish school first.”
	“Why? Besides, I don't know if the offer will stand by the time I graduate.”
	“What makes you think it can't wait?” Her father asked. Working in a coffee shop, that's not such a bad match for you I would think. But Las Estrellas is a city. There's coffee shops there everywhere. Why this one?”
	This line of questioning had caught her off guard. She prepared herself for a car ride home of nagging and begging from her mother. She hadn't been prepared to handle someone offering little resistance to her growing up or would think her job fitting. The family didn't have the funds to go to college as it stood, and her father knew she'd have to get a job. So now she had to justify, why Howl Inc.
	“You're awfully silent,” Chloe. “The way you ran off, I'd have expected you to talk about it being your destiny.”
	Now Chloe was stumped. She didn't exactly have it in her to talk about losing her virginity there. “I belong there. The people want me there.”
	“Of course they do. It's a coffee shop. They thrive on atmosphere, character, or whatever you want to call it. So you've found a place where you fit. That's great. All the more reason to finish up high school and go after it with a firm foundation.”
	“Here it comes,” he mother jumped in with a impatient sarcasm. “I told you this would happen.
	Chloe hated her mother for being so right at just that exact moment. She burst into tears but refused to say a word. She didn't want anything incriminating coming out in her unguarded state. Finally she let something out.
	“If only Winter were here, she could explain everything.”
	“That gypsy wouldn't be able to explain anything.”
	“Hungarian!” Chloe protested, as if that made all the difference in the world.
	“Ok. You've always been a little different since you might that Hungarian. But you've never really been able to tell me why. Tell me, what would she know that you don't.”
	“Blood truth,” Chloe mumbled.
	“What?” her mother asked.
	“This is just something I know I have to do.”
	“See, Mark. I told you she wouldn't listen to reason.”
	This last remark galvanized Chloe, “No, I won't listen to reason, because life isn't reasonable. Of all the towns we could live in, why do we live in ours. Out of all the children you could have had, why me? And only me? Why should I be all alone in one place, and feel perfect belonging in another.”
	“Chloe, God has His reasons.”
	“Maybe he does. But that doesn't make any practical difference, because you never find them out. Now that I'm here the only person that can tell me where I should belong is me.”
	“So will you go to this job of yours?” Chloe's mother ask. 
	“I think on it, ok? But I'd be prepared for me not to change my mind.”
	“Chloe,” her father remarked, “you'll be an adult soon and we can't make decision for you forever. But if your mind's set on dropping out, don't expect us to bail you out just because things get difficult. If you want to be on your own, think of all the things you need to be on your own. It's rather trying.”

	Chloe moved swiftly to take the order of a couple at a table to which she was not assigned. She’d been waiting tables and telling stories for two weeks and in her quick observations they seemed perfect.
	“Coffee?” she asked, “Or a bedtime story?” Usually it was just “story” with her, but she added bedtime when she was nervous. She likened it to dealing with stage fright by making a mad dash to the stage. Once on the stage you had to perform your way off.
	“Coffee, black as death.” The man replied. 
	“A story,” replied the woman. 
	The mixed reaction was expected. The man had proceeded to the table slowly, had shared a few greetings. The woman’s eyes had flitted about, at the door, the coffee machines, the table, her watch—she was bored. She had thoughts of entertaining the guy while his date grew even more restless, but she was more than willing to entertain the girl who seemed to need it more. 
	“A story about the black death you say?” the guy flinched. His routine coffee shop visit had been pierced for a bit. 
	“Sure,” the guy said.
	“Formally known as bubonic plague. It traveled with the rats, or more precisely the fleas on the rats, but that’s of little importance. For when a rat boards a ship, it takes all manner of illness with it. A rat, left with no resistance, can infest an area with supreme speed. But humanity has a feline friend that lives to eat these pests. So a plague, you see, must find its way around feline prowess. In 1348 there came an Italian merchant ship to the island of Corsica. 
	“This attracted the attention of an Arab with an ancient legacy. His line to the throne had been severed by Europeans during the Crusades. He had heard sailor’s lore of a plague from Crimea, a small peninsula on the north coasts of the Black Sea.
	“While this Arab had no inklings of this disease or it’s consequences, he well aware of the rat’s penchant for dwelling amongst the most disgusting of places. As a harbor worker he was easily informed of the destinations and vermin infestations of ships. So with considerable bribes he paid six women considerable sums to run through the city naked, screamingly intelligibly as if possessed, and claiming the last thing they saw was a black cat. He knew which ones to pick. The quiet type. The first night was sheer astonishment, and it took a few hours before the idea was followed upon that she be exorcised. The girl was paid of course, after the exorcism. She then made the request to recover in a nunnery. 
	This request was made six times, the last on a Saturday. The general hysteria caused lead the populace to believe they must remove the evil before the lord’s day, so every cat on the island was ordered slaughtered. The Corsican port was undertaken by plague in less than two weeks, and tales abounded it was spread through the countryside. 
	Tale has it the six bribed ladies told each other their tales and seeing their significance gathered on a boat along with the Arab. Had he found himself a harem worthy of envy to his fathers? Perhaps. Which just goes to show you to be wary of girls who tell stories.
	“Coffee, black as death,” the girl replied. 
	“Two black deaths coming up.”
	She turned her back, but focused on eavesdropping as best she could. “I think she’s adorable…”
	Chloe went back to waiting tables and tried to think nothing of it. She always had to focus on the people who were right in front of her, and keep composure after her thrill. The couple she’d talked stayed for some time, until the woman went to the rest room. 
	The man eventually flagged her to come over. “Listen,” he said, “I’ve never seen you here before and it’s been a long while since I had a date go so well.” Without shame he thrust a ten dollar bill into her bra like it was a shirt pocket. You tell a story now to any girl I bring here, ok?
	Chloe smiled because she was nervous and her mouth couldn’t think of anything to do but go up. 
	“You blush?” the man asked. “Interesting. Just give me the check before my girl comes back.”
	“Sure,” Chloe turned. She’d had her first patron. She tried to walk slowly in order to play things cool but she wasn’t going to fool anyone. Part of the bill still hanging out of her pajamas.
	“Those pajamas come with pockets love?” asked Michelle, one the waitresses who hadn’t taken too kindly to her. When Chloe looked over to her she saw a look that was a slap in the face. Michelle was pale and all her dark make up gave her a face like a marble statue—chiseled, curved, and contemptuous of that which needed to move. The look startled her a bit and she wondered why Michelle wasn’t making eye contact. Then she looked done and saw a ten sticking straight out of her top.
	“That story of yours end with him getting a blow job?”
	Chloe had heard that high and mighty tone before and that dismissive look. The girl on the top of the social ladder, looking down. 
	“No,” she let the word hang out and started to gear up for a confrontation. “But I think he’s getting one tonight, from his date.”
	“You have one smart ass mouth on you, don’t you. I take it you’re staying with Cameron tonight?”
	“No,” she replied simply. It was Wednesday and she was off to Sylvan Gates and the slot machines after her shift. She didn’t pick up on the implication of the question.
	“Hmm. I’m surprised. You know he likes to sleep with the help don’t you?”
	“Oh.” Now she got it, but that hostile look became more indifferent and she didn’t feel the need to be as snappy.
	“Ah, I get it. Cameron’s flaky he probably hired you because he doesn’t know whether he wants to fuck you or not. See you in action before he makes a move.”
	“So what if he does?” 
	“Lead him on. Trust me I’ve been here the longest. You say yes and he expects something. You say no and he gets insulted. Just pretend you’re attracted. Who knows, you might last. And by the way, don’t wait my tables.”
	Chloe pulled the bill out of her pajamas and threw it down in front of Michelle. “You want this? It’s yours. But I find a customer that wants to hear a story, I’m telling it.”
	Michelle laughed. There was a slight cackle she’d never heard in a woman’s laughter.
	“I think I figured you wrong Chloe.”
	“What did you figure me as?”
	“A naïve exhibitionist. Some chick that belongs in high school and just picked up smoking two weeks ago.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“You don’t wear any make up, though that’s entirely unusual. Mostly it’s because you smoke like you’re doing something wrong. Like you’re seventeen and shoplifted a pack of smokes. It’s embarrassing.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“You don’t have to hurry. The cigarette can burn for a little while before you flick the ashes off. And you don’t have to suck on a smoke like you’re sucking cock. The smoke will get into your lungs in five minutes or ten. Go for ten, you get longer breaks and smoke fewer cigs.” 
	“Thanks.”
	“I just have to ask one thing.”
	“Where’d you get the look?”
	“The pajamas?”
	“Yeah. What you’ve got on right now fits you much too well for this to be a new look. I try to stay ahead on fashion. It gets you laid more often and with better company.”
	“No fashion. It’s just me.”
	“Why do you do it?”
	“Well I’ve been doing it long enough to know how to pull it off. But when I started… it was the only thing I could wear that made me look like a gypsy.”
	“Hah!” Michelle spewed smoke and her cigarette slipped from her mouth. “You’re definitely unique. It’s refreshing. There’s so many goddamn phonies in this place, and in the scene in general. People who think being sophisticated only requires black clothes, knowing the basics of indie films, and parading around surrealist poetry as if it’s brilliant when it makes no sense at all. And you know what these douchebags were like in high school.”
	“What the nerds?”
	“No. The nobodies. The guys that warmed the bench at the games, and the girls that didn’t make the cheerleading squad. They try to pull off like they’ve been tough and chic all their lives, but you can tell their lying. They’re novices. So what about you?
	“Well, there was the one time I got kicked out of Christian camp because I broke into the pastor’s private study.”
	“Really? No w that’s a story I’d like to hear.” 


A Brief Introduction to the New Economy in 87 Pages


	The change of policy with the slot machines had caused a great deal of anxiety for Chloe. The secretive, underground machines had been closed off to the general public, and now was only open to employees of the First Bank of the New Economy. She had had the opportunity to become such an employee but refused. The job entitled selling at least two people on a 87 page financial contract she didn’t understand. She couldn’t in conscience sell such a complicated product without knowing its reasons, justifications, and potential short comings.
	She had remembered something of the banker’s explanation of the contract. “A loan,” he said, “was money created out of thin air. The recipient of the loan is paid money he is expected to acquire in the future, and the granter of the loan needs only possess and transfer their capital to make the loan. But from the perspective of the recipient, they have received money from the future now.” Chloe had by now forgotten much of the rest. The general gist from there, she recalled, was some mechanism by which banks could channel future earnings into their own coffers indefinitely. The name for it, she recalled, was “insured elastic credit”, whatever that meant. 
	Given the 87 pages of contract terms and abstruse economics she couldn’t say if this “insured elastic credit” or whatever it was that was being sold, really was truly possible and that she had entered a new phase in history called the New Economy, just as the world had been so recently been ushered into the Information Age. But she didn’t trust it because access to the machines, which had earned her over a thousand dollars by now, had suddenly become commission for selling the contracts. If this was money beyond one’s wildest dreams, why the need for secretive pay offs and incomprehensible contracts?
	In any case for today it hadn’t mattered. Suddenly the slot machines that had been kept secret had been put out in the open today. Three machines, all set to reward like a rigged slot machine but with a fundamental difference. The machines took quarters (cash) but spit out only plastic. Winners received charge cards once the game was over. Chloe had arrived early enough in the day for a decent spot in line for these new machines. She hadn’t had to wait on the secret machines. But she stood in line for 3 hours waiting for the same privileges she could easily obtain if she had started selling those contracts. But she refused. It wasn’t clear to her how things would change the very next day. It wouldn’t take too long, she recognized, before the lines backed up extensively. By the time she had arrived to play she could look back and not see the end of them. This was her real source of income and it was clear she’d have to get another job to support herself, or more hours at the coffee shop—though she hated being in a position to have to ask Cameron for anything at this point. Chloe poured in thirty dollars of quarters and received $287. She had to consider it her final payment. Her money might last her two months. That was, unless the owners made more than three quarter machines available. 
	Tonight also represented a real problem with sleeping quarters. Things were dicey, night to night, on exactly where she’d sleep but she had managed to stay in the hotel rooms of the various business people who’d come to the underground slot machines. Usually someone had a place to stay for the night, or the week. She was happy if it happened to be a woman, although arrangements were much more consistent with elderly men. She’d managed to get a four nights rest for the service of listening to a seventy year old man talk about his problems while she spent the night wearing her sexy pajamas.
	Younger men tended to make her nervous. Just a few weeks of nights spent at Cameron’s had achieved that effect. Each night there she had an acute awareness that her staying there was conditional on something happening later down the line. It was enough to get her purchase a small bottle of mace for her key, though none of the men were particularly threatening. Most of them just wanted company, specifically someone to listen to them. She figured about 90% of her bummed hotel visits were for her to listen, and 10% for her to talk. 
	But now, regardless of the reason, it would be more difficult to find lodgings because she couldn’t talk to the well to do that visited the slot machines and sold contracts, and no one of upper means took her seriously unless she was in that room. Tonight was the night for her to purchase a tent. 
	She after her earnings she took a cab to a supply store and bought the smallest tent that was water proof. Then, the cab she called to go back to Sylvan Gates was in an accident, and the subsequent cab was so late that she fell asleep on the way there. It was about three in the morning. Grasping the situation she paid the driver to go back to Las Estrellas where she fell asleep in the cab again. 
	At around five she managed to find a low end 24 hour waffle house. She ordered a big breakfast, paid, and then spent the next two doors standing near the door bumming smokes on whoever past by. Around seven the owners threatened to call the police for loitering. She still had a hour until businesses open and tired as she was she couldn’t really fall asleep in broad daylight. 
	Overstaying her time at the waffle house had given her some time to think about how she’d readjust to the long lines that would inevitably grow behind the quarter machines. The easiest approach was readily apparent. Just transfer her cash into quarters and sell them above rate to the people waiting in line. She thought she could at least cover the week’s expenses until Sunday night where she could return to Cameron’s couch. 
	It was Friday and she thought that would cover her until Wednesday. Upon entrance to the closest bank she discovered the new plastic credit couldn’t be redeemed in quarters but by one dollar bills, which she then exchanged forty five minutes later for the quarters. Her back pack now bulging and this time she took the unprecendent action of hitchhiking back to Las Estrellas. She had been sleeping in the beds of strangers for weeks but still the idea of getting to a stranger’s vehicle had been unnerving. The impossibility of leaving without permission had made her too unwilling to do it. But if she were going to go back and forth from Las Estrellas to Sylvan Gates for a quarter selling business she really couldn’t afford the transportation. 
	By the time she’d returned to Sylvan Gates there were already limits on quarter selling, namely that no one in line could purchase more than $10 while waiting in line. But having gotten there by noon, Chloe was out of quarters by 3pm. She couldn’t make it back to the city before the banks closed for the week so she pitched a tent and rolled out a sleeping bag. The time was early evening and the air was cool, but everywhere was bustling with activity. She dug into her sleeping bag just to get some silence. 
	Her father had been right, supporting oneself wasn’t easy. Much of her current stress lay in not knowing how much it cost to live, either on the run like she had been or in an apartment somewhere in Las Estrellas. She had, in fact, pocketed a fair amount of cash from the quarter machines. 
	But with some of the rapid changes in Sylvan Gates, landmark for the New Economy, she couldn’t tell how that would last. She considered getting a second job. Then she felt that for the moment she would know far enough in advance that if she was running out of money she could find a job in time. It was clear there was plenty of money to be made on those waiting for the quarter machines, though how far and wide news would travel of these money manufacturers was limited by there being only three. The New Economy couldn’t really take off without more quarter machines. 
	But what would happen if it did? She wondered. She felt being at the hub of something important like a New Economy would give her the opportunity to be the Chloe Ingraham she felt she needed to be. But what, precisely, to do was still up for grabs. She’d spent great time in conversation with other people, but was quite lonely. She wanted to be with people and not be with anyone at the same time. 
	The only person she really felt comfortable with was Michelle who had been growing fond of her. Michelle was 25 and her eight years of extra experience was intimidating to Chloe. She persistently felt uncool and lame in her presence. Michelle had been a groupie for two years, following all the excesses of sex, drugs, and rock and roll for two years before settling in Las 
Estrellas at the age of twenty two. 
	Michelle was quite perceptive and hard to lie to. She figured out Chloe was a teenager quickly. But she didn’t care. She even seemed to take Chloe under her wing just a bit, giving her unsolicited advice on men and drugs and make up. “There are so many fake people in the world, Chloe, that you can never pass by the chance to befriend a real one.” 
	As Chloe had a habit of stealing tables for stories all the other servers treated her terribly when Michelle wasn’t around, but when she was around she was definitely in control of the other waitresses who were nice to Chloe. She mentioned none of the disparaging treatment to Michelle because she was adamant about growing tough enough to take it, and start to fight back. 
	About six weeks later, after leaving work for a private place she began confiding in Chloe and by the end burst into tears. A friend of hers had died from an overdose, and she came to Chloe to ask her to write a eulogy for the funeral. It made sense given her known familiarity with obituaries. The odd thing was Michelle was not one for break downs. It was understandable given the circumstances. But it was Chloe she turned to comfort after her friend’s death.
	That she had done so had changed things forever. Amongst all her research this was her first experience with actual death. Maybe not of someone she actually knew. But someone she knew had to come her with grief, which she could only imagine in the previous readers of her library of obituaries. But her contemplation made it easy for her to ask all the right questions. Was the overdose self inflicted, did he have any children, what family did he have left? She knew to ask these questions but then to shut up and listen. After Michelle cried herself to sleep Chloe wrote the eulogy down on a napkin before getting up. She didn’t know if it was Michelle herself who’d be reading it.
	Upon having finished, for the first time in the real and not on paper, a thought crossed her mind that she had sensed but was previously unable to articulate. The physical death of a human did not erase that human from existence. Their presence lingered both biologically in their children, and socially in the memories of people who knew them. Most of her thoughts were private, but there were things in life she felt would be a great loss if she did not tell them to people, and have them remember, much like the Palace of the Ice Czar fate seemed to have given Winter to tell. 
	After being fascinated by death for so long Chloe was finally able to figure out exactly what drew her to it. The living memories of the physically dead needed to be past on to the living. And this was no ordinary need. Humanity needed guardians of the still living past to transmit to the physically living because without such guardians humanity could never rejuvenate itself, crisis after crisis. The living past had to be protected. From what, she had no clue. But it was not without reason that humans had funerals, wrote eulogies, dug graves, printed obituaries and scattered ashes. It was up to her now to figure out what reason. 

	The overdose of Michelle’s friend dovetailed into a number of drastic changes for Chloe. After six weeks of being led on, Cameron finally wised up to the fact that Chloe wasn’t going to sleep with him again so he fired her and kicked her out of his apartment. First she broke the news to Michele:
	“Cameron fired me. We had a one night stand and then he offered me a job. I led him on like you told me, but after six weeks of me lying on his couch he figured out he wasn’t getting shit. So he fired me. Know a place to work and stay?”
	Michelle’s first response was a shocked chuckle. She had suspicions Chloe might be a virgin. She was amused at how definitively Chloe had rejected him. She thought he was a sleazy bastard and loved it when his sexual interest was unrequited. Then the seriousness of the situation set in. Michelle arranged for her to stay in none other than her dead friend’s apartment. They needed the rent and accepted her recommendation without question. 
	She spent the next few weeks entirely in Las Estrellas looking for another coffee shop and after three weeks she ran into one Howl Inc’s customers that loved her stories, who cousin also owned a coffee shop. 
	But as soon as things settled in Las Estrellas, she returned to Sylvan Gates more chaotic than ever. A newsbulletin had popped up when she was there, along with a number of businesses. After reviewing the news it seemed Sylvan Gate’s New Economy was gearing up for a new phase. Though the lines were just as long, there were now 12 quarter machines. 9 remained open to the public, contained lines just as long, and spit out the same 600% gains they’d done previously. But there were also. 3 machines for the sole use of people who had signed those 87 page contracts she had previously been asked to sell. These machines returned only a modest amount though that the pay out was noticeably steady. (As opposed to the public machines that might only pay off every 3-5 times). Often however, there were $100 pay outs on a single quarter. 
	This new development left Chloe uneasy. Everyone was still walking away with money beyond what they thought possible. But special machines accessible only to 87 page contract signers. She spent time discussing the situation with users of those machines when they came out.
	“It’s called insured inelastic credit. You put $10 of quarters in the machine everyday and always get $30-50 dollars in return. You can also put in $50 of quarters. With that many quarters, odds are you hit the special jackpot, which is $113, in addition to the $30-50 you’re already making for your ten dollar rolls. So you get the money as regular income, unless you suddenly need a lot more of it all at once, and your payout stretches to meet your needs. It’s incredible. All you have to pay is the insurance at $10/month.”
	The arrangement didn’t make much sense, which was what bothered her. How on earth was this new technique actually give you guarantee new money? It was hard to understand. But everyone was walking away from these machines with plastic money that spent just like cash. Where could this money be coming from, unless some new institution had been created to make it?
	In any case, Chloe stuck to the quarter trade. She didn’t know how the machines were working but getting a pay off for a quarter trade was a decent business that didn’t require the lines or the machines. After making enough money for the day she went about telling stories to the strangers she could find to listen. By now she’d been introduced to open mics at Las Estrellas and wished for that sort of thing in Sylvan Gates. But for now she found small audiences amongst groups of strangers while counting down to her 18th birthday. 
	The day before her birthday she was still in Sylvan Gates, waiting for a birthday party the next day at Las Estrellas. Amongst one of the small cafes that had sprouted up was a tall, dark, handsome Italian man reading the New York Times. Her first thought was that a night out with him would be the perfect birthday present. But he looked in his late 20’s and was rather well off. He was out of her league to be certain. But that didn’t mean she couldn’t flirt with him. It was, after all, her last day to enjoy being jailbait. 
	She walked brazenly up to him and asked, “You’re Italian.”
	“Yes,” he responded.
	“You ever hear of the assassination of Don Giovanni Medici?”
	“I’m listening.”
 	“15th century Italy. Giovanni was an obscure banker of the prominent Medici family. A bit too obscure, too well hidden. He was skimming off the top. So someone slipped the noose and threw him off a prominent bank. His killer was never found.”
	“I’m interested in who the suspects were. Why don’t I order you a drink? And why don’t you wear my shades. I like a lady in shades.”
	Chloe took his prescription sunglasses and put them on. It was a bit difficult to see threw them, so she closed her eyes and kept on with the story telling. It was a mish mash of the Italian assassination stories she’d come across over two years over anything she could find about the life and times of Antonia di Bacco. When she had finally finished, she opened her eyes and he gave her a soft clap. It was a subtle gesture, but Chloe was certain there was some approval in it. What might he do? What if the guy actually started flirting back? Would she end up with handsome Italian businessman—like Antonia?
	“I’ve never met a girl so young who had such a grasp on…” he coughed, “Italian politics. It’s been a lovely few hours. I was supposed to meet someone who never showed. I have to see to that. But… I have a pager. I’m quite a busy man. If you really wish to speak with me, you may have to wait several hours before I call. And… when you do get that phone call, answer it with the phrase, “Italian tutoring services, would you like an appointment? That way I’ll know it’s you who called, and not some traveling business colleague with a strange number.” The man stared at her intently, but she realized he was looking at the reflection in his shades to see if anyone was behind him. Then he took the shades back and walked off without another word. 

	Michelle had an extensive idea for Chloe's birthday party. Chloe had grown used to doing nothing for her birthday, but Michelle insisted. “Your birthday's the one day where everything in the world is about you. People give you presents, you get license to do anything. It only comes up once a year. You've got to celebrate. Let loose.”
	Chloe hadn't any idea what Michelle had in mind, but it was probably not something to write home about. She went over to Michelle's apartment, Chloe's own room still haunted by a recent death. She knocked on the door. Michelle answered the door in a corset and a skirt that barely covered her ass. She understood why Michelle had insisted on Chloe wearing her black satin pajamas. They were going guy chasing.
	“Take a picture Chloe, it'll last longer.” Chloe caught herself staring. To regain her composure she flipped out the business card with the pager number.
	“Oh?” Michelle asked. 
	“Yeah, I picked it up of some Italian fella... probably in his late twenties.”
	“Oh really? I'm impressed. Did he look well off?”
	“I'd say so.”
	“Him. Maybe he'll have some cocaine.”
	“Um... well... I didn't think to... I think he's well off.”
	“Well go for the gold then! Don't ever be embarrassed to have a guy spend money on you, unless he's cheap. When did you get that?”
	“Yesterday. Sylvan Gates.”
	“Hmm. Well give it a call Thursday when you go back. Come on inside. I made you something for your birthday.”
	“What would that be?”
	“A mix tape. I don't imagine you had much of a musical education in Greenville. The tapes got two sides. Your general music education on one side, and the grunge demo side back when I was a groupie based in Seattle.”
	“Based in Seattle?”
	“Well if I found a nice fellow I'd go on tour until I got bored. Then I'd hit the music circuit and hit my way home. Sometimes food was a problem but I never had much for free crash space. A reputation for casual sex opens a lot of doors.”
	“What was it like? I mean how long did you do it.”
	“Please,” Michelle mentioned. “Come inside. I haven't introduced you and besides, I'm not giving you any freebie groupie stories.”
	Chloe entered, “I thought it was my birthday.”
	“Oh, of course. But you don't get any of my groupie stories until I hear about this Antonia Di Bacco I hear mentioned so frequently.” Michelle quiped. She gathered around and introduced Chloe to all the acquaintances that she hadn't met through her new roommates. 
	“Come Chloe, let them get to know you. Tell one of your Antonia Di Bacco stories.”
	“Well...” Chloe faked being unsure. Sometimes pretending to be too shy or embarrassed often drew some attention. “Antonia di Bacco have the three 'ous'-es that make any women deadly. Voluptuous, sensuous, and treacherous. She was an Italian of the thirteenth century. The Italian families of that time were more treacherous than the Mafia. Antonia had her sights set high, which of course meant entering ecumenical politics. 
	“It wasn't quite difficult for her, just a matter of finding the right confessor. She had hit upon the affective method of claiming her husband was impotent, discussing her anger and resentment for child bearing women, and of course her own lust. She of course a sixth sense for male attraction. No man who had any thoughts of her could keep them secret for long, and as many deeds were done with the celibate and horny priesthood, she kept evidence of the affairs. No one but her husband knew the couple had several legitimate children. Was the marriage purely political? Or did the husband just have a wife so hot he was willing to wait his turn?”
	“Nice one Chloe,” a man responded from the back of the apartment. “To a recovering Catholic. I've got a bowl packed. Why don't we light it up and pass it around?”
	“Here Chloe, you go first.” Michelle handed her a green glazed porcelain pipe. “After you lit the bowl put your finger on this hole before you inhale. Then let go after a few seconds. Suck up the smoke and hold it in. Chloe did as instructed. A bit nervous she hit the pipe especially hard and went into a coughing fit.
	“Cough it up girl!” someone in the circle cheered. The more you cough the higher you get! The bowl passed around the group a few times, occasionally emptied and refilled. Someone put on Nine Inch Nail's Pretty Hate Machine on, and suddenly music forever changed. 
	“You can't really abandon yourself in a tune without it,” Michelle commented, and though this seemed an exaggeration, everything she was hearing suddenly became so vivid it felt as though the universe had mandated its existence. No one seemed to speak a word after the group was stoned. Chloe felt as if everything had been made right in the world. 
	“Now tell me Michelle, what was it like, back in Seattle?”
	“I wish I could go back to those days. But they were too hard on me. You lived like there was no tomorrow, and no yesterday. There was never more than a few days need to meet, and most days all your problems were solved once you fell asleep. You might wake up to new problems. But being asleep and alive and you were in good shape. Sometimes you didn't even seek to solve your problems by the day. Sometimes it was by the hour, and sometimes when you ate way too much acid solving the problems of the next five minutes was the only mindset you could adopt and survive. There was always that quest for the perfect moment, and all the ugliness and nastiness you had to deal with when it wasn't there. 
	“I was smart to have gotten out of the life style when I did. But there's something about living day to day that keeps dull routines from crushing you. Do you know how petty it is to be a waitress? The pointless details, the numbing chit chat. You've got something with your stories.
	“Weren't you ever disturbed you didn't have past, or a future?”
	“Sometimes. Sometimes I'd dry out, keep my pants on, get a menial job to remember what it was like.”
	“You need to process what happened?”
	Michelle took the pipe and inhaled deeply. “Oh I now what happened. Living in the moment drains all your energy away. I guess that's why the lame ones live by the clock.”
	“You don't feel like there was continuity? You'd be sober, reach an ecstatic state and wind down, the wiser for your experiences?”
	“Wiser? As if that lifestyle needed justification? I would think it'd be obvious. Hey Amanda, strain you got, it's pretty light.”
	“Very.”
	“What do you mean light?” Chloe asked.
	“Stimulating—light. Blunting—dark. Depends on the combo in the pot. Perfect for discussion, if one uses the drug for discussion. Tends to quiet people.”
	“Isn't living for just the single moment constricting? The world could be destroyed or saved the next instant, and you wouldn't have the slightest clue.”
	“Constricting? It was liberating. I guess I just don't have the build to handle it indefinitely. I live by the reason that orders everything by the clock for my job. I take tidbits from that life from time to time.”
	“No, emotion figures in time and history.”
	“Time flies when you're having fun heh? Listen to that. Trent Reznor. Pretty Hate Machine. You aren't angry are you? Listen.”
	The music was darker than Chloe cared for. But the music sounded more real somehow, more vivid. The volume hadn't changed. It seemed the world had altered, and music's inexplicable appeal to the emotions. Chloe was jostled. She had to move.
	“Let's go out now. For my birthday. Let's get hammered.”
	“There you go. But let the marijuana linger just a bit. It doesn't mix well with booze. At least I don't think so.” 
	By the end of the Pretty Hate Machine album Chloe felt darker than she'd ever known. Something called out to the void for her. Luring her to lose control of herself. But in this darkness there were specks—questions—that seemed to call her back. She'd felt this abandonment to the moment before at the slots. Pull the lever, abandon reason and hope this time around one's fortune wasn't suddenly reversed. Awaiting the transaction led one to only care about one spin of the slots, one result, the current result, the only result. 
	It struck Chloe, juggling thought and euphoria, that this might be the reason for slot machines. As they were set up before you always won a considerable sum at the end. But you had to go through this unpredictable and attention draining experience. You didn't just push a button or do anything reliable to get your money. The slots weren't just there to take up your time. They were there because whoever was behind this so called New Economy wanted you to abandon your thoughts of the past and future. Perhaps to lead you to believe all previous economic history meant nothing and the future would bring nothing but contentment. 
	But that was a consideration for tomorrow. 
	“Come on!” Chloe belted after the album was done, “Let's get drunk and laid.”
	“That's the spirit,” Michelle replied, she and her gang took this as their cue and piled into a black van with tinted windows and no back seats. In about fifteen minutes they parked and meandered into a bar called the Hollow Door. Inside was a filled bar, a raised stage, and about a dozen booths, lining an L with an easy view for any potential performers.
	As they walked in Chloe give all her alcohol money to Michelle, such that she could purchase it and bring it back to her without risk of Chloe being carded. With the hustling going on the corner booth was the perfect place for an underage drinker to blend in, though the bar was probably chosen for the ope mic night. It seemed the perfect place to tell a story, but she'd have to be more inebriated before she got up on stage. It would give her better stage presence. 
	Michelle went to got some shots and Chloe went for an open booth. She was a tad nervous, looking at the booth and not the people in the bar. She bumped into a man unexpectedly and was a tad dazed to apologize. He said nothing, but did not move either.
	“Are you...” he trailed off and Chloe looked up.
	“Derek?” she asked. He had been a senior in Greenville when she was a freshman. “Derek Lanton?”
	“Chloe? Chloe from Greenville High?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Huh. You look at lot different. You graduate?”
	“No.”
	“Still on the squad?”
	“Good God no. I quit last year.”
	“Congratulations. I had to listen to those girls talk while I warmed the bench for my fourth straight year. You didn't say much back then.”
	“That was probably wisdom on my part.”
	“So you... look different. I haven't seen anyone in...”
	“They're pajamas. I wear nightwear mostly these days.”
	“That in style right now?”
	Michelle walked past Chloe with a wink.
	“No. It's never been style. I just do it.”
	“Good for you. My father spent so much time pretending I was on the football team. It's nice when people look like what they are.”
	“And what am I?”
	“Not destined for a life in Greenville I can tell you that.”
	“So what about you? What do you do?”
	“I'm an independent book distributor.”
	“Really?”
	“Yeah really. It may seem a bit glamorous from the outside, but it does require a great deal of dumb ass phone calls and emails to people who can't pay attention to what they're doing. So I'm using the Internet to link together all the independent bookstores I can find and maintain a personal relationship with. The Internet's the future. It'll pave the way for a new economy. You'll see. Any company that's not offering more information to their customers and clients is on the way out.”
	“You mentioned the New Economy?”
	“Well I wouldn't go so far as to proclaim it the New Economy. But the Internet will change the way business is done, and rapidly. I just got done putting up a forum for independent bookstores. Have to promote it now.”
	“Have you been to Sylvan Gates?”
	“That exurb that just got built? Haven't heard much about it.”
	“I've been there. They keep talking about this thing called the New Economy. Some revolutionary business practices that let you pull money out of thin air.”
	“I certainly haven't heard of anything along those lines.” 
	A tap came to Chloe's shoulder. “Chloe, are you discussing economics? It's your birthday. Remember getting hammered?”
	“But you're only...”
	“Eighteen.”
	“... Chloe.”
	“So?”
	“I guess they don't care at a bar like this.”
	“This, Michelle,” Chloe turned to her friend. “Is an ex-Greenville High Schooler I used to know, Derek Lanton. He mentioned something about buying me a drink.”
	“Right,” Derek went off.
	“Come now, Chloe, someone from Greenville? You do need standards.”
	“He's been out three years. He probably never belonged there in the first place.”
	“Give it a shot if you want. Just don't make it easy for him.”
	“Ay.”
	Derek returned quickly with some gin.
	“Look, Derek, I shouldn't neglect my friends. But you said, any company not offering its customers more information is on the way out. All I see at Sylvan Gates is no information, and customers as far as the eye can see.”
	“Hmm...”
	“They're selling these 87 page contracts. I can't get through the damn things. Maybe you could take a look at them.”
	“I'm awfully busy Chloe.”
	“I don't think you heard me. Maybe you could take a look at them.”
	“Drop one off at an independent book store. Just mention my name. They'll keep it for me. I can give you my email address and we can discuss what's in it.”
	Chloe clasped her hands behind her back and swayed back and forward in her toes, occasionally thrusting her chest forwards and upwards. It was curious to note the bodily grace she'd learned from the squad still remained.
	“You doing anything tomorrow?”
	“No.”
	“Good.”
	“At least, not anything I couldn't do on a lap top. You looking to take me to Sylvan Gates.”
	“I don't like to wait,” Chloe responded. “Did too much of that in high school. So did you.”
	“You have changed. Why don't I give you my phone number? I only stopped by for a few drinks and to watch my friend Hal perform. He's not that funny, but don't tell him I said that. He just needs some encouragement. I'll see you later.”
	“A drink and a phone number already. Beginners luck. Watch out for the creepy guys just trying to get you hammered to score. Let them buy you some drinks and conveniently disappear.” Michelle responded, giving Chloe another shot.

	Chloe awoke with a throbbing headache, naked in a strange bed next to another woman. She had a dark olive complexion and thick black hair. She looked like she'd be quite seductive to men. She was certain she wasn't drunk enough to have gone home with a woman. But her head ached and the world was spinning and she wondered if she just might have. Chloe tilted her head reflexive and then puked into a green carpet she'd never seen before. When her stomach stopped squeezing she rolled back into the bed and could only wipe off a dribble with the blanket. 
	One thing was certain for Chloe, being drunk and horny led to terrible decision making. Probably for everyone, but she seemed particularly prone to it. So looked over at the woman and noted she was wearing Chloe's pajamas. She was just about to believe she'd spent a night with a girl until some man in a bath robe moved with urgency with a clod of paper towels and a stained bucket. 
	“You were a lot more drunk then you looked,” the man said with some concern. He handed her a glass of water.
	“Who's the girl wearing my clothes?”
	“You don't remember Monica?”
	“She looks a lot like what I imagine Antonia would.” Chloe stated, not thinking the man wouldn't 
	“Antonia? Yeah, you kept talking to Monica about some woman named Antonia. Telling her all these sex stories. You made her pretty hot.”
	“Wait a minute,” Chloe responded, making motions to get out of the bed. She recoiled upon discovering she was naked, something that should have occurred to her earlier. “If I went home with her what are you doing here?” she asked, rising and drawing her blanket around her.
	“I'm her boyfriend.”
	“But then she...” Chloe started. She couldn't begin to imagine what might have happened last night. 
	“Yeah, we went to the bar that night to find her a girlfriend.”
	“But I'm not into girls.”
	“Yeah, you said that last night. I don't believe you. You didn't let Monica touch you but I think you'll loosen up.”
	“To hell with what you think,” Chloe said, agitated. “Get Monica to give me back my pajamas... on second thought, let her sleep. Just get me some clothes.” Chloe got up, embarrassed by her nudity but driven enough to leave that she got up anyway, went through Monica's clothes for something modest.
	“What are you doing?” the man asked, chuckling in disbelief.
	“I'm getting out of here. I don't know who you are, or who she is, or what I'm doing here. I have someone to meet this morning.” She moved over to Monica's sleeping body and pulled Derek's phone number out of her pocket. Then she grabbed her purse, and went to go out the door.
	“Wait!” the guy commanded. 
	“What?” Chloe asked.
	“This just a one night thing?” He asked in disappointment.
	“Yeah. A one night thing. You have some quarters? I need to use a pay phone.”
	“You can use the one in the apartment if you need to.”
	“Screw it, I'll just beg change off someone when I find a phone. Bye.” Chloe went to slam the door and then caught it, not wanting to wake Monica. She didn't want to have to turn around and see her chasing after her in her own pajamas. She didn't really care much to look at the guy either. She'd probably slept with him but she couldn't remember. This wasn't exactly the way she wanted her sex life to take, getting too drunk or horny to say no and then wishing you had the next day. Antonia had been wild but she'd been in control, she'd only been sating her carnality. She hadn't just slept with anyone in the location of the wine that she certainly most have had access to, having a vineyard. Maybe it was just something that came with time and experience. In any case, she felt she ought to stay off the alcohol.
	She called Derek. He was able to direct her to a coffee shop that he said he'd meet her at, but that it might take some time. The prospects weren't exactly thrilling—sitting around in clothes far too tight for her body belonging to another woman sipping her coffee slowly waiting for a guy she respected while just imagining what in God's name happened last night.
	When she arrived however, she found this not to be the case. The place, Symposium Brew, was densely populated with patrons, pieces, and boards. She'd walked into a chess tournament of some kind, in a cafe that looked more like a library than a place that served coffee.  The sound of hands hitting the buttons of chess clocks was intermittent but ubiquitous. Furrowed brows, tense gazes, and the moving of pieces both elegant and graceless hands filled the cafe. 
	Chloe had been taught the rules of chess but she hadn't really played it much. It was supposed to be a game for intelligent people, but she hadn't any really evidence for or against it. Now things were a tad different. She watched the players and had never seen so much focus on anything before, and it wasn't just on the game. There was something else involved. Every player there was focusing on the same problem, the same rule system. They were playing one on one, but the sense was that everyone in the group was playing with everyone else. She'd never seen that before. There was a kind of rhythm and dance to it all, and the expressions of the players were fascinating. The smug satisfaction of a good move, the grit teeth of a close game, the look of defeat before a quarter of the pieces had been taken. 
	She wished Howl Inc. could have the spirit of community like that at times. At most it was two groups of regulars recognizing each other. Perhaps it was different on the weekends, when there were performances. But she was far away at Sylvan Gates at that point, and that was anything but community. That was nothing but long lines and near silence. It was that funny thing she'd never took note of but seemed to be the case, people rarely talked to each other when carrying out some sort of transaction—waiting at a bank or a doctor's office, it was rare for anyone to speak a word. Suddenly that felt quite bothersome. 
	In any case, she set about watching the games, and it seemed within the next five minutes there were three defeated groans for the chess players, who all happened to be men. Chloe suddenly became severely conscious she had on a yellow tank top with no bra. A spot was made for her between two games, and she flittered back between both. She couldn't help but notice how, given that both players had the same pieces, the game seemed roughly even. Once the scale tipped one way, no one seemed to bounce back. It was a curiosity.
	Derek found her observing the final two matchups. 
	“Yowza!” he said, and she looked up. “You look like you had quite a night last night.” Derek was was in a suit.
	“Let's not talk about it. I need to get to my apartment and get some clothes. Or maybe just a coat.”
	“I've got a trench coat.”
	“Why the suit?”
	“You're wanting me to examine an 87 page contract?”
	“As best you can.”
	“Well as best I can requires explanation, and I'll get better explanation in a suit.”
	“You get judged quite a bit by what you wear, huh?”
	“Best to use it to your advantage. I've got some hipper clothes too. Sylvan Gates might not be such a horrible place to set up shop. You gotta keep an eye out for these things.”
	“Ok, business and pleasure.”
	“I hope you're not to disappointed.”
	“You have a car? I tend to hitch to Sylvan Gates.”
	“I have an object that resembles a car.”
	“Fair enough.”
	“Let's get out of here. Chess is a nasty habit of mine, best get out of here whilst we can.”
	“Oh really?” Chloe asked, as the pair made their way out.
	“Yes, well the game has some interesting qualities. Notably how enduring it is. Just a few basic elegant rules provide an enormous room for varied situations and games with quite a distinctive character. Rules that are easy enough to understand. Doesn't always work that way in real life.” Derek stopped in front of his car. “You have a favorite radio station?”
	“I prefer silence and the windows rolled down.”
	“Then we'll do without the music then.”
	The pair entered the car and drove off.
	“Are you to busy to spend more than a day there? I've got enough money to not need to hack quarters this week.”
	“Hack quarters?”
	“You get quarter change from the bank and sell it to people who are there to use the quarter machines.”
	“These machines only take quarters.”
	“Yeah.”
	“Well, do you sell quarters to the people using the machines, or the people in the lines behind.”
	“It's banned. You used to be able to do it. Now the best routes are to sell on public transit. Far enough to be outside the owner's jurisdiction with enough people to sell quick.”
	“So, basically a quarter isn't worth twenty five cents in Sylvan Gates.”
	“Well the machines offer so much money by means of plastic cards that it's usually worth it. It's quite rare not to make a profit off the quarter machines, even with the quarter costing extra.”
	“Huh. And banks except this money? On like credit card type deals?”
	“Yeah. Right now anyway, but they keep making things just a little harder by the week.”
	“How so?”
	“Mondays, essentially, the come out with a newsletter that states the current rules. I pick up a copy before I hitch back to my other job. They have a habit of continuously changing the rules to make certain practices harder. Like when I first found out about the public machines, you could sell counters right in line.”
	“There were private machines?”
	“Yes, there are private machines to the best of my knowledge. They're only for people who sell contracts, although they used to be open to anyone that knew about them. In any case, you used to be able to unload your quarters to the lines. Furthermore, the banks would convert the plastic directly to quarters. Now they only transfer to dollar bills. So you've got to use two banks to get quarters off your winnings. I just keep money in an account, hack my quarters and put cash into my account. Come to think of it, I should probably start opening more accounts in more banks, just in case they screw with the quarter thing.”
	“And they just change the rules like that.”
	“Well the basic rules remain the same. You wait in line, you put in quarters, and you get out plastic. They're just trying to get rid of moochers like me that earn money without the machines. I don't know how long I can last before I have to find full time work.”
	“You say the banks in the city have already changed their policies on quarters?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Whose to say they went start changing their policies for undesirables, whatever that happens to be.”
	“I suppose they could separate the cards from the banking system. Not let you transfer them to cash and force you to pay for products.”
	“Not such an unlikely scenario. That money's coming from somewhere.”
	“Yeah, the New Economy. Insured inelastic credit. That's the name for the process of getting all this wealth for free.”
	“Elastic? As if they could extend credit forever? Why would it be insured?”
	“I don't know.”
	“Then what do you do all day here?”
	“People come here from all over. Mostly I bum nights in the inn for listening and telling stories. You see, not everyone is there for the machines. A family might show up where only mom or dad really needs to wait. So there's plenty of people to talk to—if you can work it. I tell you it's quite the bit of work to get anyone to open up who's in line. They come for the money. Shaking them out of that mindset is hard work.”
	“I see.”
	“So what are your thoughts?”
	“How much money do people make?”
	“Hundreds of dollars. Sometimes a couple thou if they've brought plenty of quarters. Then there's the contract machines. The make a thousand just about every time.”
	“Like I said, the money's coming from somewhere.”
	“Maybe the economy's going to be different from now one. I mean the internet's only been around for a few years and look what it's done?”
	“Yes, but I can guarantee the biggest benefactors are going to be the one's with the machines.”
	“I suppose, but I'm living on it fat right now, getting conversions, I've got a system.”
	“And when they make a rule that defeats your system?”
	“I just get out. No contracts.”
	“Ok, good. That's a relief.”
	“What's wrong?”
	“I'm just a little relieved you wouldn't sign up for a contract, modern banks aren't known for their outstanding ethics.”
	“Well, we'll see.” Chloe turned her head to the wind. The road down to Sylvan Gates had no mile markers, but Chloe was in no need of them. By now she had over twenty four landmarks in her head.

	Chloe zipped closed her trench coat and Derek went straight for the nearest office, of sloppy construction for a financial institution, something put up in a hurry. A receptionist looked up at him when he entered.
	“I'm here about a financial contract.”
	“Feel free to sit anywhere you like sir. Someone will be out to talk to you.”
	“Oh boy,” said Chloe, “a waiting room. Turn off the TV if there's no one in it.”
	“Sure,” Derek took some time to investigate the scene. Two vending machines: one coke, one chips and candy. A small television which had a few eyes already cast towards it. Seemed proper for a waiting room but something seemed amiss. An upscale bank would have had business magazines, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal. Instead there was Cosmopolitan, People magazine and a scattered collection of hunting and fishing magazines. That gave away that the room was not for the upper class businessman Derek appeared to be.
	“This isn't right,” Derek said softly. “The sloppiness of the building. I've been in high class waiting rooms before and they don't look like this.” Derek turned around. “I don't mean to be rude, but I was curious as to how long a wait there will be. I have a number of appointments for my financial institution, and that's on a Saturday, you see how busy things are.”
	“Of course,” the receptionist responded. “You didn't mention anything about a financial institution, that's a different department. Let me see if Mr. Derrian is available. She pressed a button on the intercom. “There's a man from a financial institution that wants to discuss contracts. Do you have any appointments? No? Then you'll see him? I see. Go through the double doors, third office on the left. Mr. Derrian will be able to answer all your questions.
	“That was quick,” Derek's mouth almost brushing in Chloe's ear as it was little but a whisper. The pair entered the office to a gregarious man in a pinstripe suit. 
	“Welcome, welcome!” the man ushered him in.
	“I'm glad to be able to be seen so quickly on a Saturday.”
	“This business runs round the clock. The New Economy requires expansion after expansion just to keep up. There's plans to open 200 quarter machines, the demand's so heavy. Anyone who can aid the New Economy is an important ally.”
	“Yes, I'm must interested to hear about 'insured elastic credit'. That's where the real game changer seems to be.”
	“You're right. That's indeed where things are moving. Right now it's only 8% of market share, but our consumers are only getting used to the machines. We intend to do raise that to a majority over the next few years.”
	“Right now there are only three machines with elastic credit, as opposed to the nine I've observed for you previously. Use of those machines is strictly by contract.”
	“Thank Ms. Ingram,” Derek said to his now partner in crime.
	“Yes, she's correct. Use of those machines is subject to a considerable contract as the returns are higher and with a greater degree.”
	“How do they work?”
	“You make an agreement to buy in. You put in at least ten dollars of quarters a week. The   machines, via the security of the contract, are much more reliable than the regular slots. You can put in a maximum of fifty dollars of quarters a day. You have a set limit earnings for the month. If you go over, your buy in merely increases by an appropriate amount. Small, considering the earnings involved. The buy in is the insurance. If you go over the set limit earnings for the month, the insurance carries the rest.”
	“I see,” Derek asked. “The buy in. It wouldn't happened to be paid in quarters.”
	“You're quite perceptive. Obviously we can't have plastic feeding plastic that's no way to operate a sustainable business. It's important our customers use their earnings in other, non-financial institutions.”
	“What keeps the enterprise running? The credit, how can you keep producing it.”
	“The security of the insurance.”
	“I see. Well, why don't you give me a copy of the contract to Ms. Ingram can look over it and we can return to discuss business later.”
	“Yes. Of course, here's my card. Mr. Derrian.”
	Derek took the card from the man in silence and turned around slowly. He and Chloe walked out together without so much as a glance from anyone else.
	“I don't need the contract, this deal is bullshit.”
	“How can you tell? What's so jarring?”
	“You're the one in the quarter business. Around the community of Sylvan Gates, is a quarter worth a quarter?”
	“No. It's worth a lot more.”
	“So even though it is labeled “a quarter of dollar”, that's not how much it's worth practically.
	“But you can still get quarters from outside the area for $.25 cents.”
	“How long's that going to last?”
	“I don't know.”
	“Your business as you call it. It keeps getting pushed back, away from the slots. What happens when no one offers quarters for a quarter of a dollar anymore.”
	“I'll need a new source of income.”
	“Yeah, you and everyone involved with the machines. Especially the people who sign those contracts. I think I've seen everything I need to see here. It was such a surprise to see you again Chloe. You... I just remember a shy little girl from the squad. I think you ought to meet my friend Justin. He might... this might be the perfect place for him.”
	“Perfect?”
	“He likes to rebel. Would you mind my giving you his phone number?”
	“Are you trying to set me up?”
	“No. But I guess if something happens then something happens. Love's a little unpredictable.”
	  

	
	“So Chloe? Your birthday?” Michelle asked, “You left with some guy. It work out?”
	“I don't remember.”
	“Damn, that's the problem with drinking eh? Your brain can't handle your best orgasms so it hides them down in your subconscious.”
	“I just woke up in bed with someone I didn't know.”
	“That happens.”
	“It was another girl.”
	“Chloe! I would never have expected...”
	“There was a guy there too.”
	“Oh? Three people. It'd be nice to remember.”
	“You like girls?”
	“Hell no. I like getting filled. But I like it if there's another girl around. It's spicy that way. Of course, the more people you add, the even quicker any bond dissolves.”
	“You said it. I was out of the place I was in ten minutes after waking up.”
	“Nobody tried to restrain you did they.”
	“Then a successful night.”
	“You call that a success? I suppose it would be for you. But I don't like having sex so casually like I've been doing. I want to wake up and want to leave.”
	“You don't always want to leave.”
	“Yeah but for how long?”
	“If he's interesting I might stay around for a while.”
	“I don't know what you mean by 'a while'. All I can say is back at high school I had this project. I went through all the Greenville archives and obituaries and funeral records, along with mapping the graveyard. I almost had a...”
	“A necropolis?”
	“Yeah, whatever those are.”
	“Well, an underground city of the dead. You know in America we don't have them since there's still so much open land, but in a squash European city they'd have large underground tombs that spanned great distances under the city. So you made your own necropolis in high school? That's pretty bad ass. I was just a wannabe groupie in high school.”
	“What changed?”
	“I became an actual groupie.”
	“And what brought about that change?”
	“Men that knew what they were doing.”
	“What would make you think of a guy as anything but a sauce injector?”
	“Well, he'd have to offer me something I couldn't get anywhere else. Hasn't happened yet.”
	“But do you think it's going to happen if all your encounters are casual sex?”
	“You've got a point there Chloe. I like you. You're still pretty green, but you're sharp. Will I ever settle down? Is that what you want to know? Well I'm off the road. Maybe I'll lose my fire. But not for a while.”
	“I mean living in the moment has something to say for it, but I need some kind of plan. Something that I'm doing and I can see leading to some sort of result.”
	“But what result are you looking for. Eat, sleep, fuck, work—what do you want to build that's going to be anything more than that?”
	“I don't know, but I've got to figure out. If I do, would you come with me?”
	“If you could get my cynical ass to believe in anything, I'd be the first to sign up.”
	“Derek mentioned a guy Justin.”
	“So you spent some more time from the unexpected alumnus? How'd that go?”
	“Well, he's convinced it's all a scam.”
	“Yeah, probably is.”
	“But he mentioned this guy Justin, said Sylvan Gates might be a good place for him. He asked if he could call me.”
	“Well you said yes didn't you?”
	“Yeah. Derek seemed quite sure of himself, and that really struck me because in high school he was kind of a goof ball.”
	“Never judge somebody for what they were like in high school, unless that's how they are now.”
	“Yeah, perhaps.”
	“What?” The conversation had paused, had suddenly Michelle's tone was defensive.
	“What you do mean what?” Chloe asked confused.
	“You were just giving me this weird look.”
	“You ever feel you don't have the words for something you know?”
	“Happens a lot on acid.”
	“Well, you know I mean when sober.”
	“Oh I know. I'm just letting you know it happens a lot on acid.”
	“You think there's a resemblance? This lack of words.”
	“I couldn't tell, because I can't tell what's on your mind. Are you still uncomfortable about your birthday. That's ok.”
	“Forget about my birthday. Maybe if I could get some news. Maybe there's something in the paper.”
	“I don't read the paper. Maybe the news networks will carry something at 9.”
	“No. no. What about the radio? NPR?”
	“I could tune in on my stereo.”
	“Please.”
	
	The House in Washington is considering legislation to end the nominal value of a quarter.

	“This is boring shit.”
	“No, Derek was quite focused on this.”

	This is in response to a bold new financial tool, insured elastic credit, that's taking off across the nation. It's a financial transaction requiring quarters that banks are running out of.

	“This is exactly what he was talking about, the nominal value of a quarter.”
	“Nominal value?”
	“That's the name for the rule that a quarter is worth twenty five cents. That might change soon.”
	“Why?”
	“Never mind. Let me listen to the program.”

	“Here to explain how the quarter's value might be determined if it is allowed to float is our is one of our economics correspondents.”

	“A quarter index,” Chloe whispered.
	“What's so important about that?”
	“Listen, Michelle, I've been torn between two lives, here at Las Estrellas and another at Sylvan Gates.”
	“It gets worse on the road.”
	“Well that may be. The thought has crossed my mind to set up a coffee shop in Las Estrellas.”
	“Really? Where are you going to get the money? Or find the right building?”
	“I'm working on it.”
	“Well I could use a change of scenery to be honest. I don't care for staying in one place as long as I have. You ready to open up a shop and run it until you're flat broke?”
	“Uh... I don't want it to be a reckless act.”
	“Well that's what happens when you own a business. Sink or swim. You think you're ready for that.? I sure as hell won't do that. But I could work with you if you'd pay me.”
	“Ok. Well I have to go shopping for a new pair of pajamas.”
	“I got two hours before I gotta go up to work.”
	“I'd kind of prefer being alone for a little while, you understand?”
	“Yeah.”

	Chloe hadn't a second to waste in weeks. Chloe thought the coffee shop faced a grim future of people suckered into the floating quarter scam, forced to use the machines by contract and having little spending money. The floating quarter had instead brought on a fury of speculation. The number of machines had increased a hundred fold, the machines where still offering so much more in plastic money that a day at the slots would be worth it—usually. The winning rate on the slots had grown more variable. In some days it was possible to make 1000% gain, other times profits could be measured in pennies, though strangely people continued earning more money then they invested. 
	On the days rumored to be big winning days, the price of a quarter would reach a height without reason, and crash shortly thereafter, to return in about a week to the generally accepted price. Given the splattering general machines an increasing number of people went to the security of the contract machines, locking themselves into whatever power was behind it all. 
	The mass of new people brought on a flurry of construction to provide goods and services for the new throng. The construction of permanent structures at the moment was so slow that temporary structures ruled the day. Justin had called Chloe and he had revealed himself an expert in organization with minimal infrastructure. He himself had his hand with the quarter machines and earned enough money for a steel ready to go storage facility. It looked like it was for storage of machinery for a small factory. 
	Chloe was deeply upset by this choice. She'd grown accustomed to a coffee shop that bothered to care about its atmosphere. This building was sheer expediency. It didn't even have running water. That was trucked in, and it was only for coffee. Bathroom breaks were a matter of finding a portable toilet and hoping the line wasn't backed up. Most of Chloe's time was spent either carting around a 10-15 gallons of coffee until it was sold, and running criss cross around Las Estrellas for salvaged furniture and the occasional coffee machine. In brief spare moments she would talk to Michelle, who wasn't currently interested in the warehouse coffee shop. Not until it had plumbing.
	At least the name felt right. The Trove. Chloe just thought that's what it should be called. What kind of treasure might be inside was uncertain at the moment, but it was important to have goals, no matter how distant. And they seemed awfully distant when Chloe's coffee cup sold its last cup, not even a third a way of the lines. Chloe decided now was time for a cigarette break.
	“Excuse me miss?” an elderly woman approached her, “Might I trouble you for a cigarette? I'm all out.”
	Chloe didn't have much in her pack but agreed nonetheless. Chloe lit up and inhaled deeply. “Ahh,” she sighed, “It's so good to have a quiet moment.”
	She was just thinking to herself, but the woman replied, “Yes, the slot owners have done everything in their power to erase a quiet moment. I remember when this area used to be the country back area of Glenwood. The Sylvan Gates construction was loud, and now this. I don't see how anyone can make any sensible decisions in this racket.”
	“The plan isn't for people to make sensible decisions. It's for them to make profitable ones.”
	“Mighty cynical, but you're probably right. I'm sure when I get to the machines they'll be no end of numbers, no end of hawkers of financial advice, no end of quarter traders. Surround the brain with more numbers than it can understand and well...”
	“Surround the brain with enough numbers that it can only comprehend that whatever is looking at is complex, intricate, and revolutionary—in short, something they've never seen before.”
	“Hmm... they must know how it works. I'm just not able to support myself no that my husband's gone.”
	“I sorry for your loss. Who are his survivors?”
	“Well me. Two brothers and a daughter.”
	“Were the funeral services satisfactory.”
	“I couldn't pay for them.”
	“Well, I may not have been here as long as you, but I was here before the machines went public. All your gains are to be made in cash, dollar bills and higher. The plastic money is great but you can't save it. You have to spend it at certain stores. You may be lucky enough to sell some quarters on a boom day and by on a bust day. But no one ever knows what point the quarter's going to gravitate too, except up. Convert your money to cash as quickly and efficiently as possible.”
	“Thank you for the advice young lady. I imagine I'll here the exact opposite once I'm closer to the machines. 

	“Justin,” Chloe approached in a midnight hour, “I don't see how you keep up with all this.”
	“I grew up on a commune Chloe. I live for stuff like this.”
	“I never thought I'd try to start a coffee shop without running water.”
	“Don't you worry about the water. Everyone setting up shop needs it. It's only a water of time before some cooperative arrangement is made. We should be able to rig up a rain catching system. There's a fair amount of rain in these parts. That would supplement the trucks, if we could get the other businesses to work with us on this point.”
	“You have a time table for this in your head?”
	“It'll happen. If you can after your sale I want you to approach businesses about a common system. Some rain catcher can be hobbled together pretty quickly. But since the water will be for the co-op, well, I'm sure we'll have some politics.”
	“What about the money system. Why we're here.”
	“Well, you can't talk about changing something until you have some structure to build upon.”
	“I'm not talking about protest. I'm talking about finance. Are we to accept the plastic money? What do we do about quarters? The coffee's small change that can still be done in cash. But our customers will be switching over to pure plastic, I'm sure of it. Some thought needs to be put into it.”
	“Yeah, I guess you're right. I'll put it on a mental checklist, unless you want to take care of it.”
	“Well, I've been here longer than you. These machines, this supply of money, it isolates people. People focus only on their gains. The people who are running the machines, however, they're organized. They have a plan. I still haven't figured out how they're going to swindle everyone with the New Economy, but they will. The only way out is for the people using the machines to have a plan and coordination like the owners.”
	“Point taken.”
	“You see how much energy is entirely in speculation. Everyone's scrambling to buy quarters one minute, then scrambling to the machines the next. Quarters only seem to arrive here in bulk nowadays. We ought to tie the value of cash, quarters, and plastic to something. So we don't have to change prices every day.”
	“Savvy. You're quite the businesswoman for a girl your age.”
	“Thanks. What about the press you wanted to run from the store?”
	“The kinds of people I could rely on for information have been slammed trying to figure out this New Economy. It's been hard to set up an appointment.”
	“What about Derek?”
	“He's getting squeezed by the online book market. Organizing local stores has had trouble competing with what can be done online. Derek's busy finding a web developer.”
	“Well we can't just roll around coffee forever. The idea was a hub of information. I suppose I could collect information myself. It's not like I haven't done it before. I can start a newsletter of some kind.”
	“Just day by day girl. Our salvaged furniture collection still needs ramping.”
	“Yes, but we need to start with our original purpose somewhere.”
	“Ok. If that's the priority. Just remember, roof over your head, then prioritize. We'll still have to be on the look out for furniture. Oh the amusements of starting something from scratch.”

	Today had been the first of what the slot owners had dubbed a Mass Enforcement Action or MEA. It was carried out by the new Sylvan Gate Security Squad (SGSS)—armed agents for the owners that never seemed to make public appearances. The MEA had been carried out in regards to sanitation. New slot players arrived by the hundreds every day, to the point that, furtherest from the new, proper construction, open sewers had developed, leaving the entire air of Sylvan Gates saturated with the scent of sludge. The MEA condemned all structures without what it called minimum infrastructure requirements. The Trove had its co-op cistern system in place and was spared this action. It still lacked indoor plumbing, but the SGSS had ruled in the Trove's favor. 
	Chloe's newsletter had taken some shape. Always with an ear for the unusual she had a human interest column. The section she tried to make subversive currently featured people with investment plans that at some point terminated their dependence on the quarter machines. The letter of course wouldn't circulate much at all without reporting the day's expected quarter values. She also introduced a second rate, cut and paste astrology section. It was only a pointless amusement meant to increase distribution. Currently it was being given away for free, with a donations jar on top of the cart Chloe pushed around her coffee. 
	The building for the shop had finally accumulated enough odds and ends to allow for about 20 people to sit, in varying degrees of comfort. The entrance to the shop was left wide open for the summer heat, but without water and the coffee carts traveling about there was so little coffee that the Trove had become just a spot in the shade. 
	Getting water was going to take time—and some political organization. Infrastructure for running water to the conglomeration of shops was going to need support on a community level, as much as the surrounding businesses could be considered community. This was the real headache for Justin. Give him black powder, a nail, three steel tubes, and a welding torch and he could make a gun. But getting people to agree on something he thought was simple, not so much. 
	Among the businesses taking part in the co-op were a brothel and a grow house. Neither want anyone looking in their direction and they had a great deal more money to throw around than a built from scratch coffee house. One would think running water would be a no-brainer. But both those establishments made it known their preferred currency was quarters. All the other businesses around wanted their quarters. So outhouses were there by default.
	Some outside suppliers had stopped dealing with the Trove in plastic—often the only currency their customers had. The possibility always loomed that a complete loss of plastic value might occur. The only way business could tough it out would be to work together. But the noise of the crowds outside almost made it physically impossible to make a phone call, and no one had time for cooperation. Rumor had spread that new machines were coming in, machines that took dimes. 
	Businesses started hoarding dimes if they couldn't hoard quarters. An underground market sprouted up merely to handle speculation in dimes. There wasn't a spike frequently, but every so often a rumor would pop up and it would be profitable to sell hoarded dimes. Generally the rumor was that banks were exchanging plastic for dimes for use in later machines. This probably happened for a day or two at most. Then people who had dimes suddenly unloaded them all for 20% gains. In such a climate where everything was to be hoarded, no one would open their books for a transparent audit that might bring public infrastructure. Justin thought about faking such an audit, but he wasn't twenty people keeping twenty record books in order to do that. 
	Chloe's treks down the slot machine lines were getting longer and longer. Other portable operations had sprouted up as well, and they took plastic. Chloe gave in and began taking it too. It was the only way to do business, especially with the Trove's new coffee machines. Ready-to-disintegrate machines which produced much more coffee regardless. 
	Chloe had worked her way through about twenty five people when she spotted the Italian businessman she'd seen earlier. She ran the mostly full cart back to the Trove to see if she could speak to him again. She didn't know if she could afford the break, but she couldn't pass up the chance to talk with him again. 
	She saw him enter a cafe and sit by himself at a table again, like he had before. She went up to him immediately and asked if he recognized her.
	“Chloe,” he responded. “The ambitious Italian.”
	Chloe suppressed a girlish giggle at his remembering her name.
	“Here, would you like to wear my sunglasses again?”
	It wasn't a demand. But Chloe felt whatever she might later want from the man he wouldn't give it to her unless she wore them. So she put them on.
	“You were quite talkative last we met. Any more Italian politics?”
	“Banking.”
	“Oh?”
	“You're a businessman. Surely you know what's going on here.”
	“Know is a certainty. But I'm sure of what's going on.”
	“The floating quarter. Surely there's no crash course then not tying money to something finite.”
	The man offered no response. 
	“And the exchange rates. Plastic to cash to coins, and so forth. The workings of the slot machines can be altered, so that whenever you have a excess of one, you can exchange for the other. Surely the people how run this place understand that.”
	The man nodded.
	“And why build these machines that would attract tens of thousands without the infrastructure to support it? I've built my business here from scratch.”
	“You own a business here?”
	“The Trove. Back in Section C.”
	“You've been able to get it off the ground so quickly?”
	“Yes,” Chloe held her head high. “Don't know how long it might take before the situation here collapses, but I've got a start up. I guess it will last as long as the plastic payments keep coming in. I would think it would be impossible to keep giving money, even if it's plastic.”
	“There will always be money,” now his tone was confidential. “It's just a matter of whether the people on top choose to spend it.”
	“Well, they would never put so much up on something that wasn't a sure thing.”
	“That they think is a sure thing. Have you called that number?”
	“No. I've been so busy just trying to make ends meet.”
	“Well, how about I offer you a deal. I'm in a jam. I need to meet to discuss business but I also have to deliver a package on the same day. I'll make it worth your while to deliver the package unharmed. It's to an address in Sylvan Gates. You can make your way through Sylvan Gates?”
	“Yes.”
	“Excellent. You're a life saver. Just wait here for a moment. I'll order you breakfast.”
	Chloe sat for a while forgetting her manners and scarfing on blueberry pancakes. She hadn't eaten well the past few weeks and anything would have been delicious. But these pancakes seemed to have every blueberry in it's place, topped but butter in a precise swirl shape. The orange juice was fresh squeezed.
	Chloe returned the sunglasses and delivered the package. Returning she found the man in a heated discussion with a man with a Russian accent.
	“Well, this is what happens when you don't deal directly with me.”
	“We had a deal,” the Russian responded.
	“If we had a deal, you'd be holding it in your hand. We're back to negotiating.”
	“Why the change in terms. If we can't trust you to hold up your end what makes you think we want to do business?”
	“Because you can't afford to do business...” the Italian looked up. “Excuse me, bathroom. He walked by Chloe as if he hadn't even seen her. The Russian stared angrily where the Russian had met, and Chloe decided to leave. She had the man's pager after all. It was still in her pocket. Chloe walked about and reached inside her pocket to find three hundred dollars. It was a months worth of rent for the store and in cash. Chloe made her way back to the Trove.
	

The Spectre of Winter


	Chloe faced the prospect of sitting in the outhouse forever or making her way back to the Trove. Under the circumstances, she made her way out after starting to leave alone to be afraid and have to urinate again. But the place was revolting and she left when she could resist the urge to go again. 
	The man say had been speaking to who had been so charming and whose affection tickled her so, was a strong man of some sort. Maybe he was a mafioso, maybe a bank official. That scared her in and of itself, though the man seemed to look at her as a pleasant girl, a niece perhaps, who he could conveniently give his sunglasses to so he could watch behind his back. Chloe wished she'd taken a bit more care to figure out what might have been in the package she took. It must have been contraband of some sort, but it was out of her hands now.
	She called the number she received. It was a pager after all, the moment of decision would come when she picked up the phone. She decided to stay in the store, and sell what coffee she could, even if she was overstocked for that purpose. She couldn't miss this phone call. Not that she would have accepted a shaky deal from the businessman. She hoped, instead, that she would get a peek of who might be behind the whole institution. Maybe the mob just wanted in on some of the cut. On the other hand, there might be an arrangement she would never anticipate.
	After a few hours, the phone rang. Chloe froze. She thought back to her first meeting with the Italian.
	“Italian tutoring services. Would you like to make an appointment.”
	“Salvatore here. Is this Chloe?”
	“Yes. But you aren't the man I met in the cafe.”
	“Yes. He referred you to me.”
	“Oh. So who are you?”
	“I think the question is who are you? No one gets this pager number unless they have something special to offer.”
	“Look, I don't have anything special to offer. I'm not like that. All I offered the man were stories.”
	“Yes, that's exactly what I'm talking about. You have any stories? Important ones?”
	“I don't know what you mean.”
	“That's to bad. If you had one of those stories you'd know exactly what I meant.”
	“Oh...” Chloe shrank. “You want that story. The one that was told to me.”
	“Hmm...”
	“What?”
	“No. nothing. I find something humorous. You had an important story, but you didn't think at once to tell it to me. What is it?”
	“The Palace of the Ice Czar.”
	“I've not heard this one.”
	“A czar from ancient times, built an empire in Eastern Europe. In that empire was a lake, Lake Nifelheim, whose waters froze when they were separated from the lake. The newly formed ice was the perfect building material—hauled like water but built like stone. Each successor to this first ancient czar, determined to follow in his father's footsteps, set off both to conquer new land and build additions to a palace which celebrated the conquests. 
	“The palace became a haven for scholars and engineers. Each conquering czar wanted new weaponry and new methods of war so invitations were sent to all nations. Each conquered kingdom brought new weapons and knowledge, but also hordes of the defeated to rise up against the new master. 
	“A group of generals and nations made a concerted revolt that was put down. The battlefield was on the cliffs over Lake Nifelheim. Once the army was routed the Czar sought to eliminate his remaining enemies and continuing the march, conquer new lands. However, the dead from the battle were not tended to. They were dumped into Lake Nifelheim, which was the deepest underworld, the source of all cold. The discarded dead built fires to keep themselves warm, and melted Nifelheim, causing the palace to collapse just as the czar returned from his conquest. 
	“His court of scholars collapsed, and...”
	“All that was left of the castle were twelve survivors?”
	“Yes. You've heard this story?”
	“No. I've heard a different story with twelve survivors. From Italy.”
	“Oh.”
	“What?”
	“No, I was just thinking this must be why I received your pager number.”
	“That might have had a lot to do with it. But this is not a story about a palace. It's about a coliseum. This was of course, before the one we're familiar with.”
	“From a past beyond reckoning?”
	“Precisely. The structure was also in the form of an arena, that was also added to as its civilization grew. Gladitorial games were played there. In fact, it was told to house all number of marvels, both of materials and human performances. When a generation burned brighter than the last, it added a ring of seats around the first structure and housed more marvelous performances. 
	“As outer rings were added it became clear that the original arena was not intended for so large an audience. So inner rings were removed. There had been some concern about the structure, but all the architects in the land calculated the structure to be sound—but there was an err of calculation in the weight. What had not been considered was an occasional circumstance that occurs in arenas. An engrossed audience leaps to the edge of their seats. 
	“This would not have posed such a problem, if the inner rings had not been removed. But the new structure had not been built to accommodate this particular type of weight, and so each new marvel that lead the audience to their seats, eroded the structure. 
	“One day, the twelve finest performers in the nation were called upon to enact a play. The leading couple, said to be of a beauty never rivaled, set to consummate their love after an epic struggle and the coliseum caved inward. Because of the way the inner rings removed, the only ones in the crowd not to perish from its topple were the twelve performers—whose very performance, they did not know, had been the final stress on the structure. It is said their descendants have a tradition of reenacting that play ever since, though by now the original play has been forgotten, performed in a language no one speaks or hears today.” 
	“Ah,” said Chloe, “then these stories are indeed much the same. The architects did not factor in the result of the enthusiasm of their audiences, even as they built the arena specifically for those audiences.”
	“Yes, you have a firm grasp of the story. I was told by my organization that I might be contacted by someone who might have a story about the twelve. An Ice Czar was not mentioned, and there may in fact other eleven tales you may have told me. It does not matter, as you have told me of the Ice Czar. This organization told me to ask you for a word. If you know the word they wish for me to tell you, then I will arrange a trip to Italy for you.”
	“Winter.”
	“Yes. Should I arrange to get you a passport, or are you in possession of one right now?”
	“I don't have a passport.”
	“Well then, shall I make the arrangements. You wish to see Italy?”
	“Do you need to ask?”
	“I guess not. Do you have any questions?”
	“Where will you take me?”
	“It is not for me to say. I have only been given the details that you will need.”
	“This place, what does it look like?”
	“I wouldn't be able to pinpoint it. It looks like it could be over a hundred places in Italy. The only things I can say for sure is that it is a bank. A bank next to a vineyard.


Arrival



	Chloe went down the wrought iron stair case next to the towering building of twenty stories whose windows shimmered from the reflective coating on the windows. The Italian, the one who chaffeured her to the location, the one she'd been certain had related the story of the falling colliseum had said almost nothing as she was driven to the location. “Nothing I can say will describe what you'll see when you get there.”
	Chloe knocked at the door hard, a flash of pain in her knuckles for wrapping on the metal door so loud. The door was opened—by Winter. 
	“Winter!” she choked. Already she could feel a stream of tears, but they hadn't come out yet.
	“Please, come inside,” she motioned. Chloe followed, the door behind her closed with a strange sound of finality. She glanced over at the door, and saw no nob or handle. Was it impossible to get out? She didn't dwell on the matter. There lay that human she missed so much, dressed in her loose reds and flowing pinks. Chloe went down to her knees, embraced Winter, and sobbed. She lost all sense of time and did not know for how long she celebrated the return of her friend. 
	Then she could feel Winter retreating from her embrace somehow. She squeezed harder to find Winter was growing physically smaller. When she rubbed the tears out her eyes, she saw an emaciated and rotting child. “Perhaps you wondered why I never came to see you after our brief encounter? I'm dead.”
	“What?”
	“Can you not look at me in my true form, and reach this conclusion?”
	Chloe was pale. “You must be dead, and you're a child.”
	“I was born in Hungary, where I died of a fever at the age of three. I am to lead you somewhere. I do not have much time. Let us walk.”
	“What's happening?”
	“You're going to meet her.”
	“Who?”
	“Antonia Di Bacco. At least that's the name you know her by.”
	“Antonia is also dead.”
	“Antonia is dead, but she also lives. Come, I will explain as best I can.”
	The pair began to walk down a long, unadorned metal corridor. “If you were dead, how do you come see me?”
	“I am from the land of the dead. Nothing escapes the land of the dead, but sometimes the dead have permission to visit the living. This privilege is rarely given, and is quite temporary. I came to you in the form I thought you needed. To answer Antonia's call.”
	“But then your story. The palace of the Ice Czar. You're meant to guard it.”
	“I am. I gave it to you.”
	“Is it true?”
	“I mentioned, some time ago, what I called blood truth. That was a term of my invention to teach you that which is said to have 'actually happened' and what is 'true'. Is it unlikely to imagine the fall of ancient kingdom, of the Eastern European variety, as its ruler and government where killed from an unstable building, a building of frozen foundations?”
	“No. But it didn't happen, as we use the phrase 'happen' in ordinary conversation”
	“But the fall of an empire that neglected its dead? The fall of a ruler who conquers what destroys him? The one who brings destruction via the act of unending acquisition?”
	“Ok, I understand.”
	“No you don't. Not yet. You see that elevator down there?”
	The end of the hallway and a vertical line loomed off in the distance. “You must go inside, and push the red button. I'm sorry Chloe. I'm sorry our meeting had to be so short while you lived. But rest assured we will have much time to spend, once you pass through your current mortal shell.”
	“You will be worth the wait.”
	“Thank you. Please go.”
`	Chloe let go of Winter's hand and she seemed to have faded off. She heard a door open, then close. But there were no cracks in the wall where a door should have been. Chloe walked smoothly to the elevator. It was a grace only acquired because she concentrated on every step. Her thoughts were swimming such that this was the only way to go forward. As she reached the elevator. She noted there was no up switch. She pressed the down button.
	The doors slowly slid open and she saw a 12 by 12 square of buttons that all went to basements. Below them was an unlabeled red button, which she pushed. There would be a long way for the elevator to go down all these floors. Chloe had begged for so to long to whatever might answer prayers to let her see Winter one last time. Just to see her. Now she learned Winter had been dead the entire time.
	She still grappled with the concept, but then what did her brief contact with Winter do? It led her to tell, to anyone listening or not, stories about the dead. If this was Winter's intention, she had done her performance quite well. The inspiration she had given Chloe led her down the path of choices that led her here. 
	At least she had always thought of them as choices. She wondered if this had all been inevitable, if Winter had just pushed a snowball down a hill and watched it take life. But she didn't feel this way. She chose to open her coffee shop at Sylvan Gates, she had put her money on the idea that that was what needed to be done. A place of recovery in a sea of greed and manipulation. 
	Little comments from Winter went through her mind. “You do not choose to be a fortune teller. You either tell fortunes or you don't.” and “How can you be born as someone else? How can you be born to do something other than what you were born to do?” Whatever the situation, she had been singled out for something special. There was some reason Antonia wanted to see her. She would not refuse this privilege. 
	The doors opened and a man walked past her into the elevator. “Where is Antonia Di Bacco?” she asked. 
	“Just through the doors.” he answered, and entered the elevator as she left it.
	The room she entered was darker than black, as if no light could illuminate it unless the darkness gave her permission. She heard a mirthful laugh, full and sweeter than any human symphony. Chloe's eyes seemed to adjust to the dark. There was a woman, naked, with a fourteen inch scar running across her belly. Her black hair fell down to the floor and far beyond. Her eyes where a solid dark brown that seemed to have any light only because they reflected the light of the elevator. Her skin was a brown clay and if she'd been burnt by the sun, as if every dark Italian girl was an imperfect imitation.
	“Antonia?”
	“A name,” Antonia explained, “for a human incarnation of mine. I am life, and I am death. Do you understand?”
	“It's not a stretch. Given what Winter told me.”
	“What Winter told you? I'm sure she gave a favorable report. She's a rather able priestess of mine. One of the few that I let return to the land of the living. She was insistent on you.”
	“Insistent?”
	“According to your science, life has existed on earth for billions of years.”
	“That's the consensus.”
	“You cannot, as a human, have even the slightest notion what that kind of time means. But you don't suppose that, since it has persisted, it hasn't been by accident?”
	“No. A billion years is quite a lot of time for something to go wrong.”
	“Yes, it is. I have done well for myself. So have you.”
	“How so?”
	“It is rarely necessary to intervene in the affairs of humans. It is a rare thing for me to turn myself into a rational thing, which can communicate with language. I do not take this form often. But your era is different, and I chose to call you, among a number which I mustn't reveal. I was not sure of you. Winter was.”
	“Why should she be so sure?”
	“You can ask her that, someday. She was right though. You arrived right on time.”
	“For what?”
	“To run into that man. Has name is Dr. Greek. Your destinies are connected, though I doubt you'll ever met.”
	“He has a story too. Like the Ice Czar.”
	“He has three. You have two.”
	“Are they the same?”
	Antonia giggled. “Of course they're the same. They've only taken the form they needed to for them to be understood and passed through the generations. The Ice Czar is the Russian version. The Colosseum is the Italian version. There are twelve versions, as was necessary, for your kind seems to put stock in that number over others.
	“Each story is in fact three. They are tragedies, in the proper sense of the term—downfall brought by one's own hand. The downfall of the individual, the downfall of the family, and the downfall of the tribe or nation or empire.”
	“There's a thirteenth. It's being written.”
	“Very eloquent. You have watched and will see, from beginning to end, a scheme concocted by some dangerous people. You have watched how it ensnared a society. You watched, day after day, people gambling with their money, led to believe in an inevitable prosperity. And you must know in your heart the people who planned this ruin had every intention of squeezing out every penny they could from their victims. The problem in your era Chloe, is this method of management is being applied to every sector of your society. All human value is under threat by the idea that human life should be ordered to achieve the maximization of profit. It is under such great peril that many can't even imagine how things might run differently. Maybe they say things can or ought to run differently. But it is not in their vision to do so.
	“Nature is not governed by economics. It is governed by cycles of life, death, and rebirth.     Economics is run by lines and acquisition. But nature does not run in lines, it runs in circles. Nature does not acquire anything. Death acquires everything. Your world is obsessed with death Chloe, and not the kind of death you read in the obituaries. It is obsessed with the death that throws bodies into Nifelheim, not expecting them to melt the ice.
	“You are a guardian of the living dead. The renewing agent, that bears the winter to bring spring again. And you're needed.”
	“Where I'm needed more than my coffee shop?”
	“No. You already understand what you need to do. I have called you hear to explain why you need to do it.”
	“You will only put words to what I know already.”
	“Yes. I have come in this form to talk to you in words. If there is no past there can be no future. There can only be the moment. But you are a living thing. You are not momentary. The past and future are being squeezed. The human time frame is shrinking. Your disregard for you past is breathtaking, and your interest for the new, healthy for a changing society, has become an obsession for the newest of the new.”
	“The New Economy. It was just an old economy wasn't it?”
	“Yes. Contemplate these things Chloe, and do what your heart compels you to. Tell others.” 
	“Antonia I must ask. Nina. How did you, take it?”
	“I lived in the moment. I knew the pain would be beyond my will to quiet. So I only focused on the pain of the moment. Never asking who much longer I would suffer. Look, there will be times when you will be lost in the moment, and they will be amongst the best moments of your life. But a dying thing lives in the moment. Remember that.”
	“I'll remember.”
	“Is there anything more you have to ask of me? This human form is of little use to me.”
	“I suppose I might have a few questions, when I see you again.”
	“Yes. You've only been granted an opportunity to look into the world of the dead. You may leave to return later. As the saying goes: nothing escapes the land of the dead.” 

The Nominal Value of a Quarter The floating quarter
The Spectre of Winter The Italian historian
 Insured Inelastic Credit Elastic credit revealed

The Theatres of Hades:

A Guide to the HADES Theatre Complex

	I hope you have enjoyed the films presented. The theatre in which they were presented for obvious reasons doesn't have a name. It is a private theatre. You if you continue to read, have some interest in our public theatres. You may remember something I said which I feel bears repeating: 

The films in [these] theatres have been known to cause armed conflicts, executions, interrogatory and discretionary torture, plague, and famine depending on the theatre and those who regularly patronize it. I do believe it should be sufficient to read about these theatres in the appendices that follow the films. You can patronize them if you like, but keep in mind they are likely to be trite and boring. 

	It may have struck you as odd that I said such incredible atrocities could be trite and boring, but simple examples from history ought to dispel this illusion. One need only attempt to read Mein Kampf for my point to be illustrated. In more contemporary pop culture Charles Manson claimed to be inspired by pop songs by the Beatles. 
	The films in this work which I hope you have enjoyed are the exception to the rule. HADES as an organization is generally involved with killing the truth, or perhaps returning truth to the land of the dead. The following theatres best represent how HADES accomplishes these ends. HADES has increased in complexity along with the age. So new and additional theatres are often needed, especially given the pace of modern life. Some of those theatres are experiments that turn out not to be necessary. The theatres listed below have long standing traditions and are active in modern times. A perusal through their nature should easily reveal how different they are from the theatre you have been allowed to patronize. 

The Theater of Prophets


	The Theatre of HADES dates back well into history. Perhaps it dates back to prehistory or even before human beings. However, the time frame of its origin is irrelevant, because no living human is capable of imagining life without its existence. It is only important to know that the Theatre of HADES is ancient. 
	The longest working theatre in the Theatre is the Theatre of Prophets. Like the Theatre itself, it is too old to give a precise definition of its origins. It may be that at one point the Theatre of Prophets and the Theatre of HADES were the same thing. This is because, while the Theatre has structures that hint of previous theatres, it is impossible to know if any of these previous actually worked. A theatre is not really a theatre unless it is capable of showing films. So the remains and hints of previous theatres may mean there were working theatres before the Theater of Prophets or it may mean that there were a number of prototypes of theatres before a fully functioning one, the Theatre of Prophets, was created.
	As its name suggests, the Theater of Prophets is associated with religion, but its title may be initially misleading. Its name my conjure up Old Testament figures--the Jewish prophets. But Judaism actually predates the Theater of Prophets. The Christian religious figure that best matches the architect of the Theatre of Prophets is Paul.
	Though it is generally accepted, it bears reminding the Jesus was a Jew. His disciples were Jews and he claimed his actions fulfilled Jewish prophecies of a Messiah. His crown of thorns read "King of the Jews". It was Paul who unambiguously turned the nascent Christian faith into a universal one by preaching to Gentiles as the first evangelist. 
	A universal faith, in this context, is one that spans multiple cultures. Throughout the existence of humanity there have been people who thought they knew all the answers, and that there way was the only true and right ones. There have long been cultures that operated likewise. Jews considered themselves God's chosen people and other religions as having false gods and idols. A universal religion is different. It claims that it is the one right and true way and this way is accepted by multiple cultures separated by time and space. The first century Greek, the eighth century Frank, and the 20th century Southern Baptist were all convinced Christ was their Messiah and there were none others, "No one comes to father accept through me." to quote scripture. They would have all considered themselves Christians who believed in the one right truth that all Christians had already believed. 
	Yet there would be little doubt that the idea of what the one right faith is for these three Christians would have been vastly different. That 1st century Greek's Christianity would most likely be influenced by a letter from Paul, the Frank by a Catholic priest, and the Southern Baptist by the King James Bible. No doubt many of the beliefs of these three Christians would be shared. But it would be absurd to claim that the understandings of Christ of these three people were the same. 
	Yet this is exactly what universal religion does. It claims not merely "There is no truth but mine" but more broadly, "And there has never been any truth but mine. Everyone who has ever not believed what I believe has been wrong, and everyone who has ever believed what I have believed is right." 
	Now there are many people who consider themselves Christians that would object. There are many who do not believe they are in possession of the only truth. It is important to note and make the distinction between Christians following a more personal truth and the ones who follow a universal doctrine. It is the concept of universal doctrine that concerns the Theater of Prophets.
	"There is no truth but the Truth, and it is mine." In religious terms this is called doctrine. For more modern faiths it is called ideology. The existence of this universal truth always begs the question as to why there exists so much falsehood. A common method of explanation (though by no means inevitable) is the existence of a false other, against which the one truth is in constant struggle. In Christianity this is the struggle of good and evil, God and the Devil. The individual is locked in a perpetual battle between the truth (salvation through Christ) and lies (doubt). This individual battle rages until death, when the triumphant believer is sent into a world of pure faith. Likewise Good in its entirety will eventually triumph over evil in the final battle of Armageddon.
	This does not in fact differ much from an ideology like communism, where the worker is in perpetual battle with the capitalist class. Here there is a perpetual struggle that eventually ends with the triumph of the worker and a true Communist society. The differences are pedantic. In Christianity the true believer struggles until reaching a paradise outside of space and time. In Communism the just worker struggles until the final revolution, not outside of space but always removed in time. In either case salvation alone arrives after death. This serves the "truth" of doctrine or ideology well, because it can never be disproved in life. 
	I understand that this has been a rather long winded philosophical discussion and has not noted the details of the actual Theatre of Prophets. This is because a description of the characteristics of the Theatre of Prophets falls into place when it is understood it is built under the influence of universal doctrine.
	In short, the Theatre of Prophets contains numerous small theatres (called Words) and an enormous space in which there are no films showed at all. Most of the audience mulls about in this space without even realizing there is another part of the theatre. This area is blank--it has no features--and is called the Cathedral. The Cathedral is lined wall-to-wall with both entrances and exits. However, lacking features, the entrances and exits can only be found if one is exploring the Cathedral. 
	The exits to the Cathedral are not particularly noteworthy. They exist in the anomalous areas where the Cathedral does have features. The entrances are most interesting, and involve a complex array of sensory manipulation. Anyone entering the Cathedral is mentally bombarded. Stare at a surface long enough, close your eyes, and you will see an after-image. The entrances to the Cathedral are intended to create permanent after images. Once bombarded, you will enter the Cathedral and see that after image on its blank features. This will convince the resident that the Cathedral contains features when it is in fact hollow.
	Of course, a featureless room cannot be misperceived forever, and as noted the Theatre of Prophets contains numerous theatres. These are apart from the Cathedral and generally unentered by most patrons. Each one of these Theatres is referred to as a Word such that this section is referred to as "The Words of the Prophets". 
	A prophet is by definition someone who brings an alternative viewpoint to universal doctrine while still claiming to be a part of that universal doctrine. This occurs in Communist history in the figure of Lenin. Marx was convinced Communism would occur when the industrial worker overthrew the capitalist system. But the countries deciding to organize on Communist principles have not been industrial ones, but agrarian ones. The idea that an agrarian society could skip the step of industrializing through capitalism required a modification of Marx's ideas. This was referred to as Marxist Leninism at the time. But today Lenin is viewed just as much a Communist as Marx was. Lenin made alterations to Communism, then over time those alterations were forgotten. 
	Prominent films of the Words of the Prophets are featured throughout history. The "seven deadly sins" of Pope Gregory and "the fall of Lucifer from Pride" by John Milton are but two examples, and oddly are recognizable elements of a Protestant Christianity that paradoxically claims personal interpretation of the Bible to be the source of all truth. 
	The films featured in the Words of the Prophets share mixed reviews. Some are completely ignored, others considered heretical, and others instant classics. Some spread through the Cathedral quietly like rumors: spoken quietly and repeated often enough to become new truths. Others cause outright riots among the believers. The end result is the same. The beliefs inside the Cathedral change, but the acknowledgement of the change always disappears. The one right truth is different for different people, but then arrogantly proclaims itself universal. Thus featureless truth can change to fit societal circumstances yet hold itself absolute.
	The goal of the Theatre of Prophets, as far as I can tell, is to horde as many people into the Cathedral as possible. I do not know why because I'm not the one who built it. I can only gauge its design. A universal truth would invite all of humanity inside. A featureless truth would be the only way to convince all the inhabitants they believed the same thing. And a hidden system of adapting new truths and disguising them as old truths would adapt the inhabitants to new circumstances without them knowing it. 
	As a chronicler of the Theatre I know that the Theatre of Prophets, if it is designed to populate the Cathedral, is highly successful. I think its age and origin are also of great significance in understanding the Theatre of HADES. It is the longest continually functioning theatre in the Theatre, and possibly the first successful one. 
	Yet it is important to note that the Theatre has moved beyond the Words of the Prophets. There are additional Theatres that serve additional needs and continue to function for their own purposes as well. They will be discussed in other appendices. 

Theatre of Tragedy

	The Theatre of Tragedy has a name which can be greatly misleading, and its nickname, the Bane of Bacchus given to it by a group of 18th century thespians is a testament to this fact. Tragedy was a theatrical  tradition of the ancient Greeks. The Tragic Hero is a noble personage, placed in a nigh impossible situation, where it seems that the hero only has a decision between over a few outcomes, all of which are bad. It ends, typically, with the ruin if not death of its protagonist. But the character does not fall over the weight of the situation only, but their own flaws. 
	In Greek Tragedy the play was intended to bring about a catharsis and a feeling of pity and fear for the protagonist. Pity for the character's own plight, and fear that the flaws of the hero can be seen in oneself. The Tragedy in many ways is highly instructive. It allows the viewer to temporarily experience the difficulties of another's life and see the result of the mistakes of that other's life. The end result can be rather uplifting--to feel the weight of the world is not as burdensome as it may seem and that the mistakes of others need not be one's own. 
	The Greeks held as the god of theater Dionysus, the Roman counterpart being that of Bacchus. It is a perversion of the Greek tragic tradition that has earned the Theatre of Tragedy the Bane of Bacchus. The Theatre of Tragedy has no intentions to uplfit or transcend. It's purpose is to burden the viewer with the same millstone on the necks of all the characters portrayed in its films.
	Consider how a tragic play might actually be uplifting. One is freed, in a certain way. One is not required to go through the wrenching trials and ordeals that lead to the downfall of the Hero in order to learn that hero's lessons. However, to learn that hero's lessons one must first identify in oneself the flaws and mistakes of that hero. This is the "fear" to be invoked by the tragedy, that one could fall into a similar fate. To find that fear, the hero must be complex and well developed. The intricacies of his decisions must be made known, and why those decisions lead to their consequences must be discovered. 
	It is standard mainstream formula that a movie cannot be enjoyable without the eventual triumph of the protagonist. Even in those rare stories where the protagonist does die, it is only after the goal has been achieved. But one can enjoy a film where an likeable protagonist fails and his opposition triumphs so long as the reason for the failure is appreciated. It would not due to have the hero fail in his action because of a pesky fact such as that automatic rifles hit their targets at close range, or that auto accidents happen all the time without warning. More satisfying would be to see the hero perish out of the relentlessness of his opponent. 
	If the Theatre of Tragedy is to be understood as a perversion of the Greek tragic tradition (which is indeed the case) and its true purpose is to be ascertained than one must grasp that the films it shows feature the failure of its protagonists without reason or purpose. When one visits the Theatre of Tragedy enough, one is left with the impression that life is an endless string of failures from which no lessons can be learned, and no enterprise can succeed. The viewer quite naturally resists this portrayal, but does not always do so in a productive fashion (such as could be gained from true Tragedy) and ends searching for films of either a completely frivilous nature or films in which the protagonist is certain to succeed.
	One would expect, that if the experience of the Theatre of Tragedy is to leave the viewer in a helpless state, there would be no chance of it having any success--except in one specific instance, that it should seem impossible to avoid. The success of the Theatre of Tragedy is its successful partnership with the media. In an industrial age people need information for their survival just as much as gainful employment. 
	In a feudal land where one could reasonably expect to never leave a ten mile radius, all the necessary information for survivial would be immediate. There was no need to tell a serf of a drought, it could be inferred by lack of rain. Threats from the outside: wars and plagues would also be readily apparent. The conscription of young men as shoulders or the sudden sickness of a whole village. 
	People who move from place to place, however, need access to information outside their capacity to obtain it personally. Of course, any honest account of the world would reveal horrors. But again, any honest account would also reveal recovery from those horrors. It would deal with those who died, those who lived, and those who took these terrible conditions and transcended them. 
	The Theatre of Tragedy, with its account of inevitable failure then, is transparently not the maker of honest films. But as there must be some truth in every good lie, the Theatre of Tragedy does give accurate accounts. It foretells of a man shot in an alleyway. It is breaking news, so many things are absent: the life of the dead man, a full account of where he lived, why someone might have shot him, what the family is doing to cope. There may be mention of the killer's indictment, should there be one, but there will be little mention of the eulogy. There won't be a discussion of the struggles of the neighborhood, a possible mishandling of the case by police (unless it is egregious), accounts of the relatives that have made it through the grieving process. This will not happen because the next day's films will simply feature a more recent shooting. 
	In fact, the viewers may even come to favor of the coming of the next shooting, because they have been so disheartened by the last one that they become listless, despondent, and bored regarding that last one. This method of course extends beyond shootings of course, and includes films of all sorts of crises.
	There is a point which may not be immediately grasped, but should seem apparent in retrospect. The films of the Theatre of Tragedy must be made with great haste, and replaced as quickly as possible. This is because when one looks at an event portrayed over the long term, one will begin to see its light and dark. If a film is to portray endless darkness and misery, it must be replaced by new films before the viewer is capable if seeing something uplifting and those by films should have as little context for finding uplifting content as possible.
	Though the Theatre of Tragedy is now a regular feature of modern life and its foundations strong, it has been slightly overwhelmed in the information age. The work to find 24 hours worth of unconnected negative stories without context in the age of the internet is beyond reckoning. This has seen a great rise in the Theatre of Tragedy's great counterpart and loving partner: the Theatre of Trivia. 
	It has always been the case that one hand washes the other. The Theater of Tragedy drives the viewer to a refuge from the "real world" and the Theater of Trivia inevitably bores the viewer into seeking something "real" which the Theatre of Tragedy pretends to provide. The end result is the conclusion that there is nothing worth doing. That is the purpose of the Theatre of Tragedy, and why it is considered the Bane of Bacchus. True drama, the epic story, by its very nature inspires. It makes its audience feel alive. The Theatre of Tragedy is meant to make its viewers feel dead.


