The Spectre of Atlantis
Civil Wars and Hospital Beds
Road Trip in Red
Ooze from the Confetti Factory
Traveling with Tragedy (Phoenix) 

Passive

Theatre of Hades
Draft 3

The Spectre of Atlantis

	The door to Dr. Creed's office hovered a bit as he realized his belongings had been ransacked. Given that there were only three days before finals, he could only come to the conclusion that it was a student looking for a copy of an exam. Not that it would do the student any good, for Dr. Creed had long learned to make alternate versions of tests. 
	His initial response to this indignity was to pretend nothing happened. So many things might have been taken from him. Curriculum, professional notes, research materials, personal diary entries, it might all be missing. He didn't want to add this to his worry list. So he just opened up the drawer where he hid his liquor to see if that was missing and surprisingly it wasn't. It was a vintage Greek white wine he couldn't replace so he was glad to see it still there. He noticed too that his pomegranate juice that he used to wash down the wine still happened to be there. 
	This was a surprise. If an ill behaved student entered his office for a search then the alcohol should have been the first thing to go. Insult should have been added to injury and his juice should have turned up missing as well. “I came here to steal exams. Oh look, juice!” That should have been the response of an irresponsible freshman. 
	But apparently it wasn't, so he sat down at his desk and started sorting things out. Fortunately the semester was wrapping to a close. He just had a few classes to teach, then an exam to give, he did have time to sort things out. Some of his testing material had been pilfered, but it wasn't material he couldn't replace or reinvent. He picked up the collection of papers strewn about his office that he quickly recognized as for exams, and negotiated with a drawer from a stiff filing cabinet that needed to be replaced. As he pushed it shut it screeched in complaint. 
	He then went through the more important task of putting together his personal notes. There was a chance some stray thought a great deal of time ago might suddenly be revealed to his detriment. There was little he could do about that now. So he collected the array of cocktail napkins and stray scratch paper that collected his random thoughts and shoved them in a drawer in no particular order. A casual glance showed nothing important. But a deep creased, yellowing napkin contained a phrase he'd coined and forgotten about. 

“There is no technical solution to the problem of being human”

	He sighed, and pulled out his bottle of wine. He didn't have any glasses so the only thing he could do was chug. It seemed disrespectful, but then again, there was no one around to complain except the wine. He finished things off with what remained of his juice. 
	According to today's IT technical culture there was a solution to being human, and ancient Greece had nothing to do with the equation. It was supposedly irrelevant. Though much of his teaching focused on technical issues like the proper use of verbs, there was not a class that went by that he felt that he needed to justify his passion to those who considered it at best just a class and at worst a waste of time. It was something he expected to get used to after being a teacher for so long. He never did. The sudden bursts of activity and the lulls of boredom, crunch time, student excuses, classroom disruptions, reading poor handwriting in an alternate alphabet, these were things he'd grown accustomed to. His heart never gave up on the feeling that everyone should care about the classics and ancient Greek culture. It was the root of Western civilization, a crux of understanding why things are the way they are.  It was an unrealistic notion, that it would have been rational to give up. Instead he just drank. 
	This was a habit he learned well not to discuss. When he did, he was generally advised he was running away from his problems and not facing facts. These things were undoubtedly true, but giving up his conviction seemed heartless. If he needed to binge drink every so often to keep it, then that was what he was going to do. 
	Dr. Creed went out to look for some cups of some sort. Drinking straight from the bottle was ill advised. His wine would be quite difficult to replace. It was aged wine and made with care though not with every modern method. It had a bit of bitterness that was hard to replicate. It wasn't the kind of thing one could just order. Dr. Creed stopped at the staff water cooler. Paper cups would have to do. There was still the problem of figuring out just what had happened in his office. So he went, sat back down, and looked at what was lying on his desk. Under a cluster of littered papers, his recent mail, was undisturbed. A thick manilla envelope lay waiting for his perusal. He knew what it was. He contemplated tearing it open with his teeth but instead reached to the drawer that contained his letter opener. To his chagrin he found that it was stolen. But this aggravation was minor. He just wanted to know if the envelope had a yea or nay. 
	He paused, wiped off his black rimmed glasses, and opened it with as few rips as he could muster. It was his manuscript, returned. 

	Dr. Creed:

	Your paper is clearly written but unacceptable for publication. It is generally considered there is not enough evidence in the historical record to support the kinds of conclusions drawn in the paper. Your conclusions may be valid, but they are too speculative to be publishable.

	Great, he thought. Advancing in his career meant getting papers published. If he wanted to do something more than basic Greek in a small university in Minnesota, he had to make his mark in academia. Yet for some reason he persisted in taking up subjects that were rather unlikely to receive publication. He had a particular fondness for the Athenian statesman Solon. His presence was definitely in the historical record, but his was a figure so ancient there was little that could be said for certain. Wasn't it worth pushing the limits of the edge of history even if you were wrong? To not be so worried about being right that you couldn't use your imagination?
	Apparently this wasn't the viewpoint of the publications he'd been sending his work to, and experience told him he shouldn't keep working on the kinds of things he knew would get rejected, but he thought they were the kinds of things that were important, and hoped each time some new editor or staff might change their minds.
	Dr. Creed poured himself another drink. Nobody changed their minds. The students thinking his class was a waste of time never changed that opinion. No matter what the assignment, there was the question was how little work they could get away with. The students of promise were going to be interested in the subject anyway. Nothing changed.
	Underneath the manilla envelope lay another envelope he also recognized. This was a proposal to come on a show for an educational program regarding the subject of Atlantis. His sister had dated a producer at some point and had previously needed him to portray the “scholarly” point of view. He had become a regular for this type of program. 
	His old arguments against the existence of Atlantis would be rehashed. Regardless of the fact that plate tectonics demonstrated its existence was impossible, its continuation as a historical fantasy irked him because there weren't enough historical documents to justify believing it existed in the first place. The concept of Atlantis started in a literary dialogue of Plato, who had a spotty record for historical accuracy. Plato's prime concern was always being philosophically correct not a factual rendition of history. 
	But for someone reason people had to believe in this mythical place with advanced technology and a utopian future that for some reason just perished in an earthquake before they could bring peace, love, and happiness to everyone. He got a play the role of buzzkill of the followers of Madame Blovatsky, Edgar Cayce, and a string of self proclaimed mystics that used the mystery of Atlantis to dupe people into believing they had special powers. 
	The experience was overall humiliating. He was a scholar. This kind of debate was beneath him. But embarrassingly the check he would receive would be about a fifth of his salary, which he generally used to see the real Greece—if it didn't have to go to bills as it had the last three times. 
	Dr. Creed put the paper aside black leather folder to his right. He looked to his next piece of mail. It was just a business card that read HADES. He tossed it up to an upper shelf and then first noticed a piece of parchment. As soon as he placed it on his desk he immediately took his hands off it. It was fragile, and had an unusual smell that reminded him of a library basement. He looked down on the scroll and read. The Greek was archaic. If he hadn't done some of the research he'd completed, he couldn't tell if he'd been able to read it. This was a noted contrast to classical Athenian Greek that he could read like English. 

The Fall of Atlantis as Related to Solon

	 Dr. Creed took off his glasses and rubbed them with a Kleenex. He put them back on and reread the title.

The Fall of Atlantis as Related to Solon

	He took out a magnifying glass and examined the parchment further. He was not an expert of the physical properties of ancient parchment, but the ridges, small tears, and uneven texture contained too much variety and subtlety to appear to be a forgery. He could not tell the parchment's age. But the text provided suggested the seventh century B.C.E., the age of Solon. If this were true it was exactly the kind of thing he was looking for. Why would someone ransack his office and leave this riddle?
	Plato's tale of Atlantis, as told in his dialogues, claimed to be passed down from Solon the legendary Athenian statesman. Dr. Creed had never bought the idea that Plato's tale was true. He'd gone on cable TV to say so.  
	It was possible Plato had gotten the idea to repeat this tale, and tie it to the statesman Solon, based off a text such as this. Possible, but unlikely. As the text continued, it became clear the story was quite different from the one Plato told. It mentioned a massive island of an advanced pre-historic civilization that fell in a single night. The gist. But the narrative and the purpose of the text was completely different. It was novel. It was the kind of thing that could launch a true career in the classics if it was not a forgery. Eager to share the text with colleague he began a rough translation.

These truths were passed down the Aegean Line from heir to heir to the great statesman Solon. For reasons I can only guess, he refused to believe the story and made the telling and recording of the story a crime. I write it down on this parchment until such time as it is safe to reveal. 

The kingdom of Atlantis was one of far superior knowledge to that held in Athens. It was a nation not constricted to land. Via various construction methods the Atlanteans had constructed an island nation, a floating vessel country free to sail the seas as it choose. It could trade with an coastal nation, or launch a pillage whenever it pleased. In its early days, Atlanteans took it as a matter of course to acquire the iron and lumber to grow the city year after year. 

Thus, the island began to consume more and more of Poseidon's domain. The industrious Atlanteans never stopped in the expansion of their nation. Lest all of the ocean be swallowed, Poseidon hatched a plan. He promised Apollo a sea nymph of beauty beyond compare if he offered the Atlanteans a prophecy. Having conquered the seas, the people of Atlantis were promised they could conquer the sky. 

This prophecy was contested and jeered at by many. But a prophecy from Apollo was not something to be ignored, and some builders that had dedicated themselves to expanding horizontally began plans to construct vertically. At first it was a novelty. But as Atlantean buildings grew taller the people could see further beyond the horizon. With this new sight, the world was there's for the taking. For each new thing one could see became a new thing that could be owned. 

Vertical construction took off, and all the innovation that attracted the country's greatest minds was in vertical methods. A few without the imagination of the new age continued their horizontal construction. They did not heed the rumors that Atlantis may one day touch the stars. But they did. For a time the Atlanteans could pluck stars from the sky and arrange them as they pleased. They did not give that sky much order, but is not surprising that sailors today have a star which always helps them point north. 

The island of Atlantis began casting a shadow wherever it made port. Upon this frightening marvel they secured great terms of trade and the country became quite rich. This wealth was used to continue in the nation's intoxication of height—a thrill known today only by a hermit living in a mountain cave. As Poseidon had schemed, Atlantis was quite tall indeed. 

After the Atlantean nation passed over a sea of great depth, Poseidon sent a mighty wave to the great nation of Atlantis. It possessed such height in proportion to its base the island toppled in a single blow. Fifty foot waves followed in its wake. The People of Atlantis extolled Apollo for aid, but Apollo, god of the sun, retreated, leaving nothing for Atlantis but the sight of the stars as it plunged to the sea. Nothing survived  sparing the divine aid Poseidon offered.

Twelve humans were spared on the condition that both they and their progeny send forth a warning to all nations regarding the fall of Atlantis. Without exception these were foreign born traders, instructed to tell the tale in their native language to their native peoples. I am progeny of the twelve. I write this story in hopes that it shall be safe to pass the story on to other cities of Greece and the progeny of Solon. They must know the dangers of attempting to conquer the sky and the sea. The story of Atlantis must not be forgotten.

	Dr. Creed looked up at the clock. It was three in the morning and he had a 7:30 class. He locked the door to his office and hoped to catch enough sleep to make it through the next day. 



	Dr. Creed's next class was quite different after reading his newly acquired piece of parchment. The teaching and memorizing of a dead language whose importance he'd struggled for his academic career to justify seemed to require re-evaluation. People didn't want the details of a language they were likely never to speak. They wanted Atlantis. He knew this. The disparity in time and money between his incomes and television engagements made it hard to ignore.  Dr. Creed forced the notion out of his mind until the end of his 11:30 class. Not one to stand on ceremony, he found an obscure corner of the library and simply fell asleep. 
	He awoke around 4, and headed towards his office. Without suffering from sleep deprivation he was able to process the disconnect he'd felt in his classes. Dr. Creed had always loved classical culture, something that required proficiency in Greek to fully appreciate. For the Western world, Greece was the first place where scholars had tried to define life and write it down. No longer content to share musings and let time erode collective memory, the Greeks wrote not merely for their own age but for everyone that could read Greek. And over a millennium later, during the Renaissance, the classics brought back inquiry and empiricism to an age no longer satisfied with faith and revealed truth. 
	Dr. Creed finally managed to make it to his office door. But paused before opening it, and simply stood there in the hallway. Thinking back to this classes. The classics fueled that revival, in every art and science, and they could do it again. But... Dr. Creed paused while musing over a long held prediction. At last an answered question popped out. Revive it from what? Ecological Disaster? Climate Change? The Second Depression? The Fall of Civilization? The classics seemed hopeless in the face of all that. These were problems not faced by the Greeks.
	“Did you forget your keys?” a student asked when he stood in the hallway.
	“No, I'm fine.” Dr. Creed said, checking his office door. It was unlocked. He was certain that he locked it, but it was something easily neglected. He went into his office. The interruption was obnoxious. He closed the door so he could think in private without being asked if something was wrong. Dr. Creed never understood why it was difficult to think in public. When the brain was trudging the murk of everyday life no one noticed. But leave that murk and not hide it, then suddenly something must be wrong. 
	Dr. Creed sat down and tried to collect his thoughts. He felt the classics to be an antidote to something, but the poison itself remained undefined. He couldn't come up with a word or phrase for it, though it was something he saw in his students every day. It was an indifference, an apathy, a... sludge, of some sort. Sometimes he felt he was trying to drag his students through a clogged drain pipe. 
	Dr. Creed reached in the corner where he thought he'd replaced the parchment. It was missing. The translation sat on top of his desk exactly where he'd left it. Dr. Creed pushed papers aside, opened desk drawers, and began again the task of rearranging his library. Nothing. He knew this wouldn't conjure up something that simply wasn't there, but he had difficulty letting it be gone. 
	He picked up a pile of papers and was ready to throw them in the air, but something was amiss. The weight felt wrong in his hand, and a subtle, brittle sound could be heard as he moved them towards the air. Amongst his papers there was something that was not paper, or at least not modern paper. It was papyrus, and written in hieroglyphs. It was greatly weathered. Dr. Creed knew quite little about Egypt, except that knowledge of Egyptian was unnecessary to translate hieroglyphs. He scrounged a text from an old undergrad course and began to translate this new wonder. 

The False Scribe of the Sea Kingdom


	The ancient pharaohs passed down the story of a scribe with a jar of nectar. It was give to Pharoah to sample, and it was sweeter than anything known. He sent a great number of scholars to examine the substance, which the scribe called star wine. After the demonstration, and the examination, the scribed secreted the star wine away.  
	As the living son of Osiris Pharaoh demanded to know about the scribe’s magic. He claimed to come from a kingdom far away in the sea, but that his kingdom had discovered this wisdom by approaching the heavens. 
	Upon hearing this Pharoah ordered his builders to discuss plans for reaching the heavens. He asked the scribe if he had the magic to reach the heavens and the scribe said no, but only told the pharaoh how the structure should not be built. He told pharaoh that his kingdom, upon reaching the heavens, had sunk into the sea by making his building too tall. He suggested a structure with a wide base, so as to keep it from falling. The pyramid was the most obvious solution to the problem.
	Then, having set about to build this pyramid, Pharoah wished to know what might lie in the heavens. The scribe answered the heavens were the domain of Ra, and his domain was a harem without measure in next life for any pharaoh that managed to reach it.
	Stone was laid on stone for centuries, and the scribe’s line reached a great multitude...


	Dr Creed stopped his translation. He'd lost track of time and felt a throbbing headache at the base of his skull, near the top of his spine. Each word had been wrestled out with tedious search, and he wasn't even half way finished. He knew this document, should it not be a forgery, would probably undo just as much known about Egypt as the previous parchment would have been for Greece. 
	The tale was intriguing. The scribe was supposed to warn Egypt about the dangers of obsession with the heavens. He instead seemed to have instigated it. The land of ancient Egypt saw a proliferation of monolithic tombs. Pharaohs preparing themselves to be dead while still alive. 		
	Dr. Creed tried to look back down at the scroll again as a scholar. He remembered the old saying, “Man fears time. Time fears pyramids.” The largest structures ever built, to outlast one civilization after another. How could a society invest so much on something that served no purpose? He heard the scholarly arguments. There was religious belief in an afterlife where one's earthly possessions followed. You could take it with you. There was a need to project power. The bigger your pyramid, the more a pharaoh seemed in charge. There was the eating of surplus labor. The “need” for a massive project justified keeping a hierarchal society that used slave labor. 
	Now there was this scroll. Crudely interpreted, the pyramids were made to acquire sex and alcohol. Which seemed the more likely scenario? Dr. Creed looked at his alcohol drawer. His head still hurt though, so he left his office for the water cooler. He drank several times. He'd hoped it might soothe his headache. It didn't. Nor did it wake him up. He just wasn't thirsty anymore. 
	He looked down the two hallways that intersected at the water cooler. Both were lined with about 20 offices. He walked by them every day. There was no reason to suspect he was anywhere else but state college academia. But he still felt he'd wandered into a dream. He looked down both pathways and the coast seemed clear. He took a paper cup of water and threw it at his face. The liquid collided with his face to no effect, other than making it wet. A few bead of it splattered on the carpet, some sprinkled his collar. He didn't wake up.
	He went back to his office. Given the lack of volume, he thought no one was around. On the way to his office however, he ran into a graduate student teaching assistant. He didn't look at her and pretended there wasn't any water on his face. She didn't say anything so he imagined she hadn't noticed.  After she'd walked about ten feet he turned around. If she had a third leg or bat wings this might be a dream after all. When he looked all he saw was the backside of a female college student. She didn't turn around to gaze back at him. He was definitely in the real world. 
	He opened the door to his office and the scroll had disappeared. Leaving behind only a translation, much like the parchment. Dr. Creed drew in a deep breath and clenched teeth. He let the air pass out slowly his teeth. What was the end of the tale? He rummaged around his office again, and again told himself he couldn't find something that wasn't there. Obviously the pharaohs stopped building pyramids. Obviously, the scribe's story had never made it into a document known to history. It was not hard to imagine the scribe's end. No matter how high the pharaohs built their pyramids, they never seemed to touch the sky. Some scribe in the lineage must have been discovered and cast out. Perhaps a pharaoh was slaughtered and a new one put in his place. That was the logical end. Though Dr. Creed wanted to see the scroll reach that end, and not snake into some other story. But, he figured, he'd never get the chance. 
	So he turned on his computer and typed his translations. Every so often he'd stop typing, hold up three fingers with his left hand and flick the light switch with his right. No matter how often he flipped the switch, he still saw three fingers. Then he'd look over at the translations. They contradicted everything the scholarly record had to say on the subject. At the same time, he had no reason to doubt the reality of the documents. They were written in the languages they should have been, in the physical form of writing they should have been, and without any anachronisms linguistically. The only reason to believe them wrong was other documents, written in those same languages on those same physical forms of writing. It was a quandary. Add to the quandary was that the documents, from to cultures far removed in space and time, seemed to tell the same story. 
	A story that would be believed by no one but him. Because they were told on documents he might never recover. The documents seemed to barge into his office with a will of their own and leave nothing behind. Except a business card. HADES. 

Road Trips and Hospital Beds

	Dr. Creed called for a nurse to give him a glass of water. He thought he heard a suppress groan from the nurse. He'd asked for water many times. He'd had a considerable fever, and reflexively turned to drinking water to cool himself down. It offered no relief. He wanted to take off his dressing gown and lie naked to cool off, but he suffered to wear a thin hospital gown. 
	It was flu season, but he'd never suffered a contagion quite like this before. He started getting inexplicably hot, but he had papers to grade, and neglected it. He had wanted to get everything done which involved teaching Greek so he could concentrate on his translations, on the business of history, and examining the riddle of HADES. In this rush he'd forgotten his health, and now he was stuck in the hospital with a dangerous fever, 102.3 by the nurse's last check up. Yet, for some reason, he lacked a sneeze, cough, or any other sign of an infectious disease. He was still waiting on test results. 
	He didn't know if he could recover for the television program, and if he did it would probably be used for this hospital stay and not a vacation. He hadn't been to Greece for six years. The stabbing pain in his chest and difficulty breathing might have been bearable if not for this, this endless stretch of nothing to do but lie around and be burning like a boiler plate.  
	In his delirium he still remembered finding to his dismay that he'd lost all the notes, sources, and writings he'd done regarding Solon. It was difficult to consider his theses at the current moment, but he felt their absence much as he did his unrelenting fever. Who and what had been out of his office kept recurring to him, but only in lapses between the heat. 
 	He wanted to reconstruct his work once his fever calmed, but his sister the only family member in proximity) had refused to bring him any academic material saying he needed time to rest his mind.
	But before he made his way to the ER, stashed away a few books that in his fevered state he had thought to bring: One Hundred Years of Solitude, an untranslated copy of Medea, Europe on $5/day, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Edith Hamilton's Mythology. This was supplemented by a copy of US Today, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, and the November issue of Penny Press' Variety Puzzles, purchased from the hospital gift shop. There was a television, but he generally didn't watch television. 
	He glanced through the USA Today. He hoped for news of happenings in Minnesota, or at least somewhere in the North, regarding severe winter weather that would cool him down just by reading it. The Great Lakes region was in for a blizzard, which like his illness he had neglected to prepare for. 
	As he continued reading, he noted an opinion piece on public education that said nothing new and an article over the bail outs in Greece which he read with interest. He wanted to see the country after the world financial crisis but the chance missed year after year. Greece throughout history was more notable for its ability to inspire than its ability to govern. 
	It would be a place of social unrest, true, but this bred in him only caution and not intimidation. He'd been in places with a lot less order than the United States. You learned to carry phrase books for half a dozen languages, to note landmarks, to keep money inside your clothing, and to use water and electricity at every opportunity, because you didn't know if you'd have them later. If rioting might be involved, you didn't gather in the town square. Having to deal with all this alertness seem to terrify the rest of his family, that was always relieved to hear he'd canceled plans again as if he'd been saved from death.
	Dr. Creed let his copy of the newspaper slide out of his hands and drop by the bed. At some point he'd call the nurse for more water and she'd pick it up along with picking up a book from his bag—whatever he could read without strain for hours. He went to his copy of the Star Tribune. It too, held little of note. He supposed, this was the point, not to strain his mind with anything interesting. But something strange began to happen with the paper. Flecks of red seemed to flash through the paper, as though the fibers were changing from dull grey to crimson red. He'd look at an article and swore he could see liquid on it, almost as if the paper, like himself was sweating with fever. 
	He didn't think himself so ill as to be delirious. He opened up his puzzle book to see if the paper was changing in the same manner. It wasn't. He strained his eyes to see if the fibers were actually still wet with red ink. Then he had a coughing fit onto the front page and decided it didn't matter. He would just flip through the pages to see where if he could find any stains. In the final page, the opinion section, he found the following blurb:

	Freedom of religion is a commandment from God whose sanctity cannot be trampled upon. The murder of a child is murder. It does not matter if tht child is elected. That child has a right to take up the call to office, and we must respect that right and put that child in office. 

located in what appeared to be an article defending a number of anti-abortion laws passed throughout the country. The rest of the article then proceeded as though nothing happened. There were no other pages like this. Dr. Creed folded the paper up neatly, tried to bundle it up as it came, except for discarding the front cover. Then he opened it up again, going back to the offending blurb. Unlike his mysterious documents, it was still there. He didn't know what to think. He called a nurse for water  and occupied his mind on word puzzles. He asked for his copy of a Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to be adjusted a bit so he could read better.
	The book read a little differently this time around. The earth is about to be destroyed. Ford Prefect comes to save his friend Arthur Dent by hitching a ride on the spaceship that came to destroy it.  Human kind is oblivious. The only species aware of the coming destruction are the interdimensional beings that present themselves as mice, and dolphins, who leave earth in mass with the response “So long, and thanks for all the fish.” 
	“So long, and thanks for all the frustration,” Dr. Creed uttered, and then let himself curl into this fantasy of interstellar travel. Without a roommate or anyone else to occupy him, he lost track of time until dinner, around five o' clock. Without a pair of hands to keep a book open, he decided to turn on the 5 o'clock news. 
	The story to plaster the news for the rest of the hour was the story of a rollover of diesel truck carrying liquid nitrogen, that had overturned on Highway 52, freezing the roads and causing a multicar pile up. Snow would pick up the next day or two and it was urgent to clear the wreckage. The truck driver had been reported to have been admitted to the same hospital. Perhaps the driver might still have some liquid nitrogen stashed away, though once Dr. Creed had the strength to go find said trucker, his fever would likely be over. Then there was the issue of finding the fellow, though he imagined he'd simply have to follow the reporters. 

*	*	*

	Dr. Creed found himself amongst a crowd of robed figures shouting. They carried torches and were moving in so many directions it was difficult to tell what all the agitation was about. A white robed figure thrust at him from behind so that he want sprawling. Looking up it was impossible to tell who was responsible. But the figures began to take on a pattern of two concentric circles. Every so often two members of the circles interchanged. The effect was a strange circular wall such that the inside could not be seen. The sky was dark and the movement of torches was disorienting.
	A man began speaking Latin, and the torchbearers repeated his pronouncements. After sensing a  hole in their pattern he barged his way through to see three women, naked, tied to poles. Amongst them was a pile of manuscripts, presumably heretical. 
	The Latin slowly grew more and more difficult to hear, turning from sonorous to guttural. Looking over at the figure making pronouncements it was now the head of a jackal. Disgusted at this barbaric sacrifice he ran to remove the manuscripts that would serve as kindle. The women began to screech, and he felt a terrible fear that he did not think to untie them first. 
	He turned to look at the figure making the pronouncements and saw his own face. The figure untied the women, and the circle but all the manuscripts under just one pole, to which his body was tied. In terror he tried to prepare himself to be scorched, shuttered, and awoke in a cold sweat. He had not been asleep long, and his fever seemed more unbearable than before. 
	He looked over to his left. The nurses were bringing in a man with a jangled system of casts and splints. There were some obvious broken bones, though for where he lay it was difficult to tell which ones, just that there were many. The nurse was setting up an IV and the man wasn't saying much of anything. But given that his fever hadn't gone down it looked like this was his new roommate. 
	He was still too shaken from his dream to take much note. He was still terrified. He'd been put to some deadly test and deemed a failure. This weighed greatly on his anxiety, even in the state he was in. He asked the nurses moving his roommate for a bedpan and some water. He had been hooked up to an IV but he was still burning up and hoping to cool. He didn't even look over or get up before urinating. His thoughts were too strained for such considerations. He just sat and waited for his roommate to get settled before asking a nurse to dispose of his waste. 
	He tried going to sleep, but he wasn't quite sure he was successful. He at least remembered being startled by a clamor from his roommate.
	“I said no reporters!” he exclaimed. “I'm not giving them an update. Tell them you haven't changed the status of my condition and ask them to leave.”
	Dr. Creed didn't really look up to confirm what was going on. An angry man being badgered by the press, an overturned truck on the highway—it was probably the driver. 
	“Vultures!” he proclaimed. “No respect for privacy. I'm just another headline.” He seemed to be talking to a wall, probably because he couldn't move his head. “How do I make them go away?”
	“Give them a history lesson,” Dr. Creed offered. It was about the best humor he could muster.
	It elicited riotous laugh from the trucker. “Great I've got a funny man for a roommate. My bones will never set. With that attention span of theirs it just might work. And I can go on about history, believe me.”
	“Oh?”
	“A genuine Civil War buff. Hitchhiked from site to site. Done a little reenactment too, but not really my thing. Had to put a break on it when I knocked up a wife.”
	“So... now you've gotta get paid to stay on the road.”
	“Yeah. That's the brakes. Don't even know how well that's going to turn out. Every damn reporter is another job offer turned down, ya know?”
	“So what did happen, if you don't mind me asking?” 
	“If you can keep your trap shut I might just tell you. Not that you'd believe me.”
	“I'd believe anything.”
	“People would call that stupid.”
	“But not you?” 
	“The transmission... it... well, changing gears in a rig ain't the same as a car and... I went to shift gears and something just stuck. I look down to see this red goop not letting me shift gears. I look down to see what the hell's the matter and the truck just jack-knifes and sends me sprawling. I've driven a rig for 26 years and I ain't never seen a liquid like this.”
	“Hmm... red liquid...”
	“You ok there?” the driver asked in concern.
	“They don't know what's wrong with me yet. Some kind of internal infection I think. They've got me on antibiotics. So, you know a lot about history, or just Civil War history?”
	“Just Civil War really. I feel asleep in my own history classes. But the Civil War, that's different. It's something I can put my hands on. There's memorials all over the country. There's people's great granddaddy that fought. They've got live replicas in museums. Ain't just some paragraphs in a book.”
	“Yeah, it's like that in Greece. I know Greek history, and I've visited. There's history everywhere.”
	“Yeah, yeah exactly. I done hitchhiked everywhere I can imagine and there's still places I haven't seen. You know that time... it's the only time people couldn't work out their differences through democracy. Where people fought for something.
	“I come from the South so...”
	“The losers always remember the war longer than the winners?” Dr. Creed interrupted, not knowing why. 
	“You could say it that way and it twouldn't be wrong. My great granddaddy's farm got burned in General Sherman's march to the sea. So yeah the South, we remember. But it was the American crisis. That's what those damned fools don't understand. You wanna fly the Confederate flag and they say it's just plain racist. I don't fly the flag, because I think it divides people. We oughtn't have another Civil War, you know what I mean? It was brutal. Brother against brother.”
	“Well there was no way to stop succession other than to destroy the other army. You lose one battle you can just retreat five miles and set up fort again.” Dr. Creed responded though it had been a long while since he'd read much on the topic.
	“That's right, that's right. They didn't get General Lee out of Virginia until the very end. The battles came from every direction. The Yanks took control of the Mississippi, and split the Confederates that way. But they never drove forces out of Texas. It was the whole country fighting, state by state.
	“The only time the country was truly lost. Is there gonna be freedom, or can we have slavery too? You can't have both now can ya? But when they answered the question, the factories in the North were prosperous, and the farms in the South were destroyed. So it's a touchy subject, ya know what I mean?”
	“Yeah. When I get my strength up. Let me tell you about the Greek civil war.”
	“Whoa, I kind of spouted my mouth of huh? Usually people moan and groan before I get finished talking.”
	“Yeah, well... say, where were you taking your truck?”
	“Party supplies. Old factory, you can generally tell by the kinds of rust in the less visible areas.”
	“Why would a party supplier need liquid nitrogen? I guess I could expect dry ice, but not something so hazardous.”
	“I've been driving hazardous waste trucks seven years, I don't want to tell you all the places I ended up. The only I check on nowadays is the facility. Rust, wear, and the like. Want my hazardous waste to be stored in my rig properly, know what I mean. But yeah, I thought it was a strange deal. Not the strangest I've seen but definitely odd.”
	“What's the strangest you've seen?”
	“Let's not talk about that.”
	“Horrific?”
	“I couldn't tell you.”
	“Oh. That kind of strange.”
	“Yeah.” 

*	*	*

	“Well, Dr. Creed,” the doctor looked over him, “your's is a most perplexing case. You're running a fever, have an elevated white blood cell count, and body wide inflammation. Your body is fighting something that's not responding to anti-biotics. The tests came back and we still can't locate the source of infection. But... you're in remarkable health for someone running your level of fever. I've never seen anything like it.”
	“Am I going to get better? I've barely slept for four days.”
	“You've remained pretty stable in your condition. I'd like to run a few more tests. There's a few more things to rule it.”
	“Fine. More tests. I'm not going anywhere.”
	“Mysterious illness just not leaving?” Dr. Creed's roommate asked.
	“No.”
	“Can't even figure out what it is?”
	“No.”
	“Well, the good Lord has His reasons for things, even if we can't fathom them at times. You need rest from something.”
	“Um, it's complicated.”
	“My bones won't set for two weeks.”
	“Well... I'm a Greek professor. I know the language and the history. I've looked over the earliest texts in the Greek world. There's some writings that are older, but in my field of study they just stop. There's no way of knowing what went on before. At least, there's no language to record human thought. Does that bother you? Not knowing your origin?”
	“I know my origin. Adam and Eve.”
	“Yes...” Dr. Creed hadn't been prepared for that response. He was silent for a while. He didn't know if he had it in him to have a religious debate while internally cooking. 
	“Well?”
	At least he asked. “How long were Adam and Eve in the garden being cast out?”
	“I don't know. Doesn't the bible say?”
	“I'm more knowledgeable about the New Testament. But I don't think it does. They could have been there five billion years, and that would be quite the different story than three days.”
	“Well, what would it matter?”
	“How long might it have taken the snake to trick Eve? It must have observed her first, no? Else how would it know what to argue? To tempt you have to know how to corrupt your target.”
	“So the story doesn't give an indication of how prone we are to temptation. Does that bother you?”
	“No. Ugghhh.... this fever doesn't go away.”
	“Well don't strain yourself.”

	“No I'm fine. Ok, history tells us the gospels were written forty year's after Jesus' death.”
	“That's skipping around a bit, but true.”
	“But Christianity is always trying to get to 'Jesus' teaching' or 'Christ's message'. You always lose something when you pass down a text. As a Christian doesn't it bother you not to have the direct words of Jesus?”
	“You know you're not the first to make that point. I've heard a lot of people say that over the years. I just have faith that what needed to be passed down was written down. You gotta have faith.”
	“What if you don't have faith?”
	“I don't know what to tell you, other than I hope you find the Lord.”
	“But I mean this is time before Christ, outside the lands of the Bible, you can't work with faith. You have to have documents.”
	“Ok, I can see that. And there's only so far back the documents go, and so only so far back we can know history? Why's that bother you? There's plenty of history right here in the states.”
	“Well imagine studying the civil war if there was a surviving copy of the Constitution.”
	“That'd be different.” 
	“Well, that's what you work with in Greek history. There are texts you know existed because they're mentioned in stuff that survived, and all you would need to do is find that one copy, hidden in the bowels of the earth and your whole conceptions of things would change.”
	“You think you're going to actually find these documents? They're B.C. after all.” 
	“Well what if I did find them, and couldn't prove it?”
	“Well, I guess you'll be dismissed by the same kind of people that don't believe the Bible because it wasn't written by Jesus.”
	“You've got a point.”

*	*	*

	“So this uh... Greek civil war, what was it like?”
	“The Pelopenesian War... the great battle of the ancients. A nation of warriors, the Spartans, apower of agricultural wealth and slave labor.” 
	“The South.” 
	“Against Athens, the rising naval power and center of inquiry.”
	“The North.”
	“There were similiarities. But the power balance was more evenly matched and so it was longer.”
	“And without guns.”
	“Yes...” Dr. Creed replied, paniting a bit. The fever seemed on the increase. But rules of engagement were often the same.”
	“How so?”
	“Well...” Dr. Creed trailed off. “”Do you smell that?”
	“Smell what?”
	“Corpses...”
	“Dr. Creed.”
	“As brutal as battle gets, the death comes from disease.”
	“Large group. Small space.”
	“Precisely.”
	“Sparta had Athens and a plague broke out.”
	“What kind of plague?”
	“Water.”
	“Nurse! Nurse! We need some water.”
	“The Plague of Athens. It was an internal fever that no water could cool. People...”
	“Like the fever you've got?”
	“Like the fever...” Dr. Creed felt his vision growing red. First in circles around the center. Then the center. Then nothing.
	He opneed his eyes to find himself a top a dirty rag. A haggard woman was giving him water slwly, with an aged wooden spoon.
	“Drink,” he heard and flinched. He recognized the word, but it wasn't English.
	“You must drink. The sickness won't last. The gods cannot accost Athena forever.”
	“Where am I?”
	“Your aunt's. The temple is not far away, but I think you oughtn't go inside. Too many sick.”
	“The temple? What temple?”
	“Athena's temple. You're in Athens. You remember that?”
	“More water.” Dr. Creed asked, dodging the issue. This wasn't what he had in mind when he wanted to return to Greece.”
	The woman spooned a little more.
	“There's not much. Fortunes have been ruined for water.”
	“Need water.” Dr. Creed somehow scrambled to his feet, delirious. He wanted immersio nin water, even if he drowned.
	“You need your rest nephew!” the woman exclaimed.
	Dr. Creed lumbered over a circle of people surrounding a well, unable to focus on anything else. He restrained himself from jumping into the well but without seming control he seized a bucket to tip and coat himself with glistening water. But there was no water. A red sludge deluged him, seeming to seep in his skin and choke him. He gasped for air and woke up. 
	He was back in his hospital bed. The injured trucker was gone and the heat less oppressive. He looked around and noticed he was in a different room and everything was completely silent. No subdued steps of the nurses. No occasional roommate conversation wafting down the halls.
	He looked up and over, and the IV with antibiotics remained and his eyes trailed down the tubing until he saw where it entered his arm, which he hadn't noticed until he saw it. 
	He again pushed a button to call a nurse. He looked around his room again and it seemed to be nothing but white cotton and clear plastic. Not a hue of cloor remained though a veteran television did remain mounted seven feet above the ground, or few feet past the edge of his bed, thouh it caught the light as if plastic wrapped.
	The nurse took considerable time to arrive, and appeared as if dressed for surgery, hair in cap, mask, disposable glass and gown.
	“Where am I?”
	“You're in the isolation ward. I'm glad you've come to. I've never come across such a high fever. None of the doctors here have either. You didn't respond to antibiotics it seems. You must have a virus.”
	“What kind of virus?”
	“We don't know. Given the height of the fever we checked other hospitals to see if others displayed your symptoms. Checked the CDC as well. The doctors going to want to ask you some questions. You might be asked a lot of questions, so think about this. Have you done any international travel? Perhaps consumed an unusual imported good? Or just come across something for another country?”
	“Not really. I drink imported Greek wine, but I've consumed it many times before without illness.”
	“Is there anything else?”
	“There isn't anything in Hades I can think of,” Dr. Creed turned his head and looked into his eyes, looking for some glimmer of understanding.”
	“I've some forms that might dash your memory, and some paper and pen for journaling. Just write what's happened to you the few days before you got to the hospital. It may come to you. I shall tell the doctor you're awake.”
	Dr. Creed sensed there was nothing he could do to explain the things that might have ailed him. He had the distinct impression his ordeal didn't start from the consumption of imported spinach. But he didn't see the harm in letting the doctor rule out suspicion given what little else he had to do.
	“Maybe if I had a newspaper.” Dr Creed added, as if in afterthought.
	“I would see how that might help.” In a minute and a half there was a newspaper in his bed. The headline for that paper was the pile up, the nitrogen truck overturning, the truck driver having been in the hospital in critical condition.
	It confirmed the trucker's story with only minor inconsistencies with just one problem. It was today's paper.
	After reading the article he called the nurse.
	“Yes?” he asked, “You remember anything?”
	“This accident in the front headlines. Didn't it happen a few days ago?”
	“No. This was last night.”
	“Because I remember having this trucker as a roommate for a few days. He was admitted to the hospital.”
	“I can't really talk about other patients. But you've been in isolation. The trucker may have needed procedures. Sterile procedures. We wouldn't put you two in the same room.
	“I remember him quite distinctly..”
	“You haven't been in full control of your senses. Perhaps it was a dream?”
	“Perhaps. If I read anything else unusual can I call and talk to you about it?”
	“The night shift can be slow some nights. Just don't call me frivolously. I have to sterilize for every visit. It's a pain.”
	“Understood.” Dr. Creed responded. It seemed now there were two realities going on for him at once. In one reality he was an overworked academic suffering an unusual illness most likely brought on by the weather and exhaustion. In another ancient texts appeared from nowhere, he could talk to people he'd never met, have viruses of the past, and kept encountering some strange red stickiness.
	Perhaps this new world might be an interesting change of pace, except it didn't seem he could keep them separate, or know which one he faced at any given time. He wondered if there might be some strick, the way people identify that they're dreaming.
	He wondered what those tricks might be but by then the doctor had come to interivew him. She talked with him at some length about the previous few weeks. Trying to consider what might have made him sick. It seemed like he had some sort of swine flu or entirely new disease, because no doctor he'd met had ever been so probing. He tried to give her as many mundane riddles to her as he could, because he was convinced the sickness was related to the ancient texts. Texts that shouldn't exist and which he could never pin the illness on.
	“Alright,” she finally said in impatience. “I'll put this as simple as possible. I feel like you are hiding something. This is strictly confidential. What you say won't be held against you unless you're an imminent threat to yourself or others. Drugs?”
	“No. Look, maybe my University was doing some medical research. I come into contact with a lot of students.”
	“None of whom are sick. The hospital contacted the university.”
	“Maybe it's a study you're not supposed to know about.”
	“Military bioweapons research in a state university? I think not doctor.”
	“What do you want from me?”
	“The truth.”
	“I've told you everything I know.”
	“Well, you're going to be quarantined, perhaps for a while. If you happen to think of anything, take this.” It was a small device with a single red button. “You contact me directly.”
	“Thank you Dr. ...”
	“Reyes.”
	“Thank you.”


Road Trip in Red


	Dr. Creed had spent the last few nights alone in his office. He thought he'd been anxious to see people after leaving the hospital, possibly to get out and about. But instead he found it more pleasing to put his office in order. He put his spring semester lesson in order, started to track down the citations and journal entries of his old research. This had done him a world of good against his conscious expectations.
	Sometime on a Thursday evening two weeks before class, his reorganized home was disrupted by an unknown caller.
	“Is this Jonathon Creed?” the man asked brisquely.
	“You stay in the hospital with that injured trucker, yes?”
	“How did you know?”
	“He wouldn't talk to the press. So I thought maybe he said a few things to his roommate.”
	“Such as?”
	“The location of the wreck.”
	“You can't find it?”
	“I followed the police reports. There's no sign of wreckage at the location they gave.”
	“Everything is completely cleared?”
	“Well, I'm sure they haven't removed all traces of the accident. But how to find it, without any obvious marking?”
	“A liquid nitrogen truck didn't leave a physical sign on the highway?”
	“I checked. Three times.”
	“The guy mentioned seeing a billboard for a museum of some sort. A munitions factory for the civil war.”
	“That doesn't make any sense. What would one of those be doing in Minnesota?”
	“Any museums you noticed along the highway?”
	“A print maker's museum, now that you mention it. Uh look, I'm going to check out the billboard. Would you like to come with?”
	“I haven't met you.”
	“You don't have to come if you don't want to. You may have plans I understand, and time is of the essence for me. I'm at a Starbucks about ten minutes from your house. I'll be leaving soon. I just want an extra set of eyes on the project.”
	“Why?”
	“Have you found nothing odd in this incident?”
	“Well I uh...”
	“I need a second opinion.”
	“I have a little time to spare. You at the Starbucks eight miles east, near highway 52?”
	“That's the one.”
	“Ok then, I have a few things to clear up.”
	Dr. Creed barrelled through the roads to the coffee shop. Perhaps incident number five would be a definitive break. Amongst the documents he wasn't supposed to have, the HADES card left in his office, the illness from an ancient past, and a trucker he had never talked to... there was a lot of explanations to go around. 
	The doctor left his house without as much as a glare in the mirror, his thoughts trying to outrace his vehicle. A screeching blare brought him back to attention after he'd run a red light. Much as he wasn't sure about this new stranger, they'd be taking his car. Two near collision and another new screw up in eght minutes had left him the impression that he might have been driving drunk. In any case, he didn't feel completely in the world.
	Walking into the coffee shop he felt he knew exactly the man to talk to. The man sat in a collared shirt tapping away at a laptop Of Mediterrean extraction of some sort, he he imagined him an Arab. He maintained a well trimmed beard that suggested the explsion of beard he could have grown.
	As Dr. Creed approached him he fiddled over a smart phone and almost spilled a latte when he noticed how quickly he was being approached.
	“Jonathon Creed?” he asked.
	“Yes.”
	“You recognized me?”
	“I guessed.”
	“Ali Johnson. What gave me away? I pride myself on my purely Midwestern accent.”
	“If you weren't unusual in some way I'd have been surprised. The way things are. May I sit?”
	“Yes of course. The way things are?” Ali asked.
	“Oh enough with the facade. You know what I'm talking about.”
	“The Emergence,” Ali responded, though Dr. Creed wasn't quite sure what he was talking about. He just figured Ali knew somehow.
	“Yes, the Emergence. What do you know about it?”
	“Not much really. It's tightly under wraps. There's only a little I do know. But as a journalist I'm dead certain I'm on to something. To many little details don't make sense. Like the discrepancy between police reports and hospital records regarding the truck driver on that accident on the highway. Along with the discrepancy of records regarding your own stay in the hospital.”
	“My stay?”
	“In one record you have inflamation of the lungs and associated fever. In another you have a highly infectious strain of some “typhus -like” fever and are placed under isolation.”
	“How could that... wait how did you find those records? Aren't they confidential?”
	“The hospital sewer's been compromised. A tip off from some hacker friends.”
	“Sewer's been compromised?”
	“Oh, sorry, computer lingo. Sewer, the computer architecture behind the computer network, the plumbing, where information is...”
	“I get it. Why the hospital.”
	“They called it a 'depository'. Didn't know what that meant. Didn't know what an 'emergence' was either. But they've been decent sources before.”
	“Sources for what?”
	“Wouldn't tell you. Yours just isn't the first mysterious illness I've come across. You want to go to the billboard?”
	“Certainly.”
	Ali dropped a tip and the pair went out to Ali's Toyota and they took off.
	“You a general journalist, or do you specialize in medicine?”
	“I don't specialize in anything,” Ali proclaimed proudly.
	“Why not?”
	“What do you do by trade?”
	“I'm a Greek professor.”
	“History, language or both?”
	“Both.”
	“And if you had unlimited funds, how would you teach your students?”
	“I'd take them to Greece.”
	“But you can't do that now can you?”
	“I haven't been able to in a while.”
	“Because a specialist becomes a cog in the machine. Useful, yes. Able to pursue their interest, yes. But able to alter the course of their life... no.”
	“It's been six years since I've been to Greece.” Dr. Creed sighed. “And my papers get rejected again and again.”
	“Why is that?”
	“Lack of evidence.”
	“That's turned down many an intriguing story. But I've a method that often gets that done.”
	“What's that?”
	“Break the rules of evidence gathering.”
	“It might work in journalism. You can keep sources anonymous. Everything has to be laid out in a scholarly journal.”
	“So then publish outside academia.”
	“Hmm... wait a minute. The sign, the print museum.” Dr. Creed pointed and Ali pulled the car over.
	“You see signs of damage any where?” Ali asked.
	“No,” Dr. Creed, walking toward the sign, answered.
	“Maybe a dead end. We could try the print factory huh?”
	The was no response.
	“Hey Jonny, the print making factory?”
	Dr. Creed walked up to the sign and saw a dark red puddle. It trailed inexorably towards the sign.
	“Ali! Check this out!” he yelled.
	It was a thick red muck running up the corroded metal pole like a long open wound, as flesh ripped by a blade. It was the same color of the well water he had seen in his vision.
	Ali came over and looked. “What is that?” he asked. “Paint? Blood?”
	“They would have dried.”
	“Dyed maple syrup?”
	“From where? You think someone climbed thirty feet last night with maple syrup at the exact spot we're looking for?”
	“It's a bit of a jump.”
	“Dr. Creed looked up to see some slight paper falling through the breezeless air. He held out his hand to reach for it, but it simply fell straight into his hand. 
	Ali looked over and gasped at the content of his partner's hand. Dr. Creed looked over, surprised at his alarm. Then he looked at his hands and saw a business card that read HADES.
	He looked back over to Ali and said, “You've seen one of these before, haven't you Ali?”
	“No,” he answered breathlessly.”
	“But you know what it is?”
	“It's a ticket isn't it. It just says HADES.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“I've heard rumors about these things...”
	“What does that mean?”
	“But I never expected...”
	“What does that mean!”
	“It's a theatre that shows films from the land of the dead. Hades.”
	“Why should it be here?”
	“It felll into your hands good doctor. It's for you.”
	“Why should I be given such a thing?”
	“You almost died.”
	“True.”
	“What have you heard about this theatre?”
	“I've heard some things mentioned in chat rooms. Nothing escapes the land of the dead.”
	“Why would they want to show me a film?”
	“I don't know. I wouldn't turn the offer down.”
	“Are you serious?”
	“Of course I'm serious. Don't you want to know?”
	“I don't know if I want to know.”
	“But would you prefer not to know?”
	“Then what are you going to do?”
	“Well I guess I have to find the Theatre first aren't I?”
	“What about the red stuff?” Creed asked.
	“Oh yeah. It's not blood or paint. Somebody may have climbed the sign to dump it but that doesn't give us a clue as to what it is. It must be synthetic. Maybe toxic.”
	“And it's not frozen, even in this weather.”
	“Some kind of anti-freeze mixture maybe? Some solution of engine fluids?”
	“There's no smell.”
	“Well, maybe we could get some coins, see how it interacts with metal?”
	“No,” Creed declared with a certain recognition. “Paper, a newspaper. That newspaper you were reading at Starbucks.”
	“It's in the car.”
	“Get it.”
	Ali nodded, and dashed back to the car. He came back with the newspaper, panting.”
	“You know something I don't?” he asked.
	“We'll see,” He tore off a page. As soon as the paper hit the red ooze the ink slowly dissolved, as though bleached seeped through the paper. The color of the paper itself remained unchanged.
	“Son of a bitch.” Ali exclaimed.
	“Some chemical in print manufacturing process?”
	“Yeah, and guess where a print museum just so happens to be?”
	“Excellent, well this trip was well worth it. You going to do a story on it?”
	“No, not yet. Story's too hot.”
	“Too hot?”
	“Yeah, as in we wait until the all the interesting stuff is discovered before we put out the byline.”
	“What if this stuff is dangerous?”
	“It's not going anywhere.”
	Dr. Creed took one look over to check this assertion. The newsprint was completely blank except for a small logo from the American Party Supply Institute. “You know what this is Ali?” he asked.
	“American... Party Supply Institute... Let's drive over to the factory. You can check on the phone.”
	“Can do,” Creed replied, picking up the newsprint and heading towards the car. “Is this the strangest thing you've ever seen?”
	“No. But if I ever find this Theatre of HADES that will take the cake.”
	“What do you think happens after you die?”
	“There is no God but Allah,” Ali replied, “and Mohammed is his prophet.”
	“Oh,”
	“Well you sound disappointed.”
	“No I'm not.”
	“It's not what I believe anymore.”
	“Oh. But you were raised Muslim.”
	“Yes.”
	“What changed your mind?”
	“Have you heard of a book called the Satanic Verses?”
	“Satanism?”
	“I don't know. I've never read it... though I heard people died over its publication.”
	“How?”
	“It's not hard to imagine how. The book has a premise. The premise is that the devil was allowed to insert a single verse into the Quran that wasn't true. One blemish on the direct word of God.”
	“That doesn't sound so compelling. Just one verse?”
	“But it is insidious. You don't know which one. Oh there are thousands of verses and the actual probability of finding it would be quite low. But you come across something in the Quran you don't like or don't understand and think, could this be the one? And when you ask yourself that question too many time well... there goes your faith. The idea is so very simple. I didn't even have to read the book. It isn't supposed to be possible to find an untruth in the Quran you're taught. But you find it all the same.”
	“That one thing you can't explain...”
	“You seem to know the experience.”
	“An anomaly appeared in my life really. I don't know what I would have done if it was the only one . But they keep showing up.”
	“Do they? I think it's the times. This day and age.”
	“We live in the age of information. How can anomaly stay secret for long?”
	“Point taken.”
	“What about you? Life after death?”
	“I don't seem to recall an answer from you on this point. But... sure, why not?”
	“Why not huh?”
	“No one knows how consciousness is created. How do we know how it is ended?”
	“We eat then get eaten. Such is the way of things. I'll worry about these things when I get older.”
	“I see. How much further to the print factory?”
	“A couple of miles, why?”
	“You suppose the Theatre of HADES is there?”
	“We will see. Strange...” Ali began, “we haven't encountered a single car.”
	“Ominous...” Creed replied, and sat in silence for the rest of the trip.
	The road and landscape were splattered by red spots which were occasionally impossible to avoid. They set the car a bit off course and made the sound of slurping mud. From time to time recent tire marks could be seen on the road, though never fresh enough to give the impression of habitation.
	There were no cars in the parking lot of the printing factory. Upon entering the car door the pair had their nostrils drenched with the smell of cherry caramel, burnt newspaper and bleach.
	Ali tucked his nose under his shirt and Creed did the same. They hopped over puddles of red that reflected only the slightest light, and carefully trudged up the stairs to the door appearing to be the entrance. The railing was dripping red. 
	Ali pulled the handle to the door only to have the door opened for him by a man bearing the red uniform of an usher.
	“Tickets please,” he replied.
	Creed pulled out the one he recently found and starting looking through his wallet for the second. 
	“You have a second one?” Ali asked.
	“Two tickets will not be necessary sir. I'm told the film is to have room for two. And a film only has a single ticket, from my experience.”
	“So there's another...”
	“Please hurry sir. Time is of the essence.”
	“Why should that be/” Creed insisted.
	“That which escapes the Land of the Dead rarely does so for long.”
	“Alright,” Dr. Creed answered. “It's your show.”
	“No,” the usher replied, “It's yours.”

Film 1: 
Ooze from the Confetti Factory

	Avery picked up the contraption Shawn had placed on his desk. He shook it, as instructed. An alternating croak and rattle came from the device.
	“Well?” Shawn asked. “Like nothing you've ever heard before?”
	“It sounds like a frog stuck in an engine.”
	“Well that's not how I'd call it but it's unique. Novel. That's what we're in the business for? Novelties? Wait until you see how little material went in...”
	“I can't sell this Shawn.”
	“What? You can sell anything.”
	“Ok, I won't sell this Shawn. It'd be too much energy. Stick to what works. Stick to the confetti business.”
	“I can't believe I'm hearing this. You don't want to try a new product?”
	“There are limits to what you can sell Shawn. You'd know that if you ever had to actually peddle on of your inventions.”
	“Ok...”
	“I don't mean to sound overly harsh.”
	“You know I'm no good as a salesman.”
	“I might have tried to sell that a few years ago. But things are different. We have the confetti factory now. And two dozen employees. The dozen employees without a wit of initiative in them. These days I don't wan't to ask what I can sell. I want to know what will sell. And a decapitated frog noise won't move.
	“Not that I don't value your talents. Your refinement of confetti manufacture has been an art. Twice the colors and half the cost eh? When are you going to get my stuff to glow in the dark, huh?”
	“Not at the price you're looking for. But I can go back to the drawing board I guess.”
	“You guess, Shawn? You guess?”
	“Confetti is boring. It just pops for a momentary thrill, then leaves a mess.”
	“The customers want that mess. You give it to them. So well that I'm thinking of expanding.” 
	“When were you going to tell me that?”
	“Oh I wouldn't expand the company without you. I just didn't want...”
	“Want what?”
	“To talk to you without a clear idea in mind.”
	“Wait what? You've always looked for my output.”
	“Yes but...”
	“But what?”
	“But you're not a salesman. You wouldn't get the salesy stuff.”
	“As if it's that complicated.”
	“You've never had an appreciation for the nuances. You don't understand your customer base. You hate parties yet you become an engineer for a confetti factory. This is still a toy store for you. Well it isn't for me.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“Well, I've been in contact with a financier named Lars. He has whole new methods, looking for a nimble company like ours to adopt it.”
	“Nimble? I've never heard that term from you. Why doesn't he go to a large supporter?”
	“Who says he didn't? He said a factory like ours would be perfect.”
	“For what?”
	“Check this out,” Avery pulled out a binder thicker then a shoe box. “A whole new inventory.”
	“New inventory?”
	“Words. He wants words on the confetti. You always complain about confetti being so much waste paper?”
	“So are we going into the fortune cookie business?”
	“No. Just remember what I said, know your customers? They want phrases on their confetti.”
	“What kind of phrases? Can I look at the binder?”
	“Hey, don't get too grabby Shawn.”
	“At least let me look in the binder. I'm your engineer. You can't sell a product you can't make.”
	“Here. Don't let your eyes linger. I don't have all day.”
	“Hmm... phrases.. 'it's simply un-American'? 'the American people deserve better'? 'Let's put it this way', 'But the numbers are misleading.' ”
	“I told you not to linger.”
	“This is what sells?”
	“Oh yes. 7 million.”
	“Gross?”
	“Net.”
	“Whoa. So what's the process? It must be technical. I'll go through it so we can consider his offer.”
	“No. I took the offer. I'm not turning down 52% of an offer like that. You're still in line for 21%. You in?”
	“I want to see the process.”
	“Who cares about the process?” Avery balked, “7 million.” 
	“I know. That's 1.4 million for me. But I want to see the printing process.”
	“You sure?”
	“Why are you so testy about the plans?”
	“Lars said my technical people might get skittish. You own 21%...”
	“Is that why you've been avoiding me? Give it here.”
	“Be careful, you'll break it.” Avery pulled the binder away.
	“That binder's solid as a truck and half the size.” He yanked an edge while Avery was trying to whisk it away. He yanked hard like a younger brother wanting his toy back. Avery did not expect such a jerk and conceded the plans. 
	“The steam freeze methods... wait, what the hell does the system need liquid nitrogen for?”
	“See. He told me to be careful with technicalities.”
	Shawn flipped to another page of the binder, and scanned through it, “Hmm... at STP this compound is a liquid. Under more frigid conditions... this is bold.”
	“They'll be putting in the system over the next few weeks. I want to keep you as plant engineer, so study these plans and make sure you can understand them.”
	“And know what to do if there's a short, a fire, a spill.”
	“Yeah, that too. Shawn... here's to a lot of money.”


*	*	*

	“Avery, my partner, you've no doubt began preparations for expansion.” Lars stated, seating himself in front of his desk. You'll need to lure more personnel of course. I've brought my associate Ms. Whitmore to discuss business. Karen, why don't you sit?”
	Karen obliged, and as her body came directly into view he could see she was voluptous. But there was a chill in her demeanor that gave an imperiousness to her movements. Her eyes were cold and distant.
	“You're going to have to hire a great deal of people, and fire a few.”
	“Why should I fire someone when expanding? I mean I work with idiots but this is factory labor.”
	“You work with idiots?” Karen bemused. The phrase had more power in her voice than his.
	“Well, Lars brought you on as a hiring consultant?”
	“I'm an organizational psychologist. I advise companies on how to make the most of their employees.”
	“Then advise me,” Avery responded, more defensively than intended.
	“There is one type of employee that you want to think, and the other where you don't. Or perhaps more precisely there are employees you don't want to think outside the attention they need to perform their tasks. The others you want thought, initiative, energy. To think outside the box, when necessary.”
	“I can never get those two sorted out.”
	“How are they paid? Wages, commission, salary, or company share?”
	“Wages mostly. My accountant has a salary. My engineer has a share.”
	“So you really only need your engineer.”
	“Well, Jessica, she had a share. We split the company three ways.”
	“She had her share?”
	“Yes.”
	“No ambition.”
	“Harsh way of looking at it. She didn't like making business decisions. Just wanted to keep the books and earn a salary. A family woman.”
	“I see. You have a good rapport. Give her a raise. You'll be making more.”
	“I'm sure that'll make her happy.”
	“What about your engineer?”
	“Shawn? He's just as lacking in business savvy as he ever has been, but he's still got a share. Sometimes he pulls through with a new method or invention. But he has little idea about what makes money.”
	“It's essentially he accepts the manufacturing process,” Lars insisted, taking Avery off guard. He leaned in closer, and looked him directly in the eye “even if he doesn't understand it.”
	“What if he doesn't?. He's a partner.”
	“Look Avery. I understand you have a history. But you've also got a 52% share,” Lars didn't hesitate to point out.
	“Look Lars,” Avery said in impatience and then looked at Lars. He wondered if he was being stared down. He readjusted his tie and continued, “Machines, chemicals, engineering, Shawn loves that kind of thing. He won't be a problem.”
	“Good. Oh and your factory could use a name change. 'Already Confetti' sounds like small time. Try the 'American Party Supply Institute.'
	“Gotta nice ring to it.”
	“I'll let you discuss more business with my associate. I'm off to a meeting.” Lars yawned.
	“So you were saying who I value, Karen?” Avery tried to pick up where the two had left off.
	“Many companies don't solidly identify their valuable employees, or have a firm grasp on how to let them work to their optimum.”
	“You know it's not like I don't think about these things. But managing people, well...”
	“There haven't been any attempts at unionizing, have there? That's most undesirable for a business. Your labor costs would skyrocket.”
	“I hadn't been thinking unions.”
	“It's good practice to keep an eye out on that. Agitate, Educate, Organize. It's effective.”
	“Agitate?”
	“Get folked riled enough to motivate, teach things could be different, make an organization for action.”
	“Oh.”
	“The whole method flounders if agitate is countered with apathy.”
	“Wait why are we going into anti-labor strategy? No one's tried to strike.”
	“You said you don't trust your workers.”
	“The motley bunch. Dumb and dumber.”
	“Then you have labor problems. Besides, you're going to be running a different kind of company once the process is set up.” 
	“Yes. The process. Want to make sure workers adjust to the process. Did Lars tell you what that would be?”
	“I'm not authorized to speak on that point Avery.”
	“Well... the kind of confetti that's really popular has print on it.”
	“Often produced by the employees themselves.”
	“Oh. I've yet to hear of this.”
	“That's because you're selling to small time clients.”
	“I...” Avery protested reflexively after 'small time'. “We deal with some big name distributions.”
	“No you don't. But you will. Now, the confetti, it will have print. Not more than 100 characters, shorter being better. A phrase is best.”
	“Like 'I love you' on candy hearts?”
	“Somewhat. Some of these phrases will be provided. But some of them must be employee provided.”
	“What? I can't give control of my product to the rank and file. That's for me and Shawn to discuss.”
	“If your product is produced by your employees than your employees are your product.”
	“I suppose. But most of it is dull factory work. People are here for the money. How do you suggest I change that?”
	“Well, it depends on what you print. Some buyers want political slogans, but that market's covered. Celebrities, that's locked down. Here,” Karen pulled out some dossiers and a few scattered spreadsheets. There are plenty of confetti themes.”
	Avery looked down the list, “Entertainment, Technology, Sports, Games, Politics, News, Personals, Music... hmm... Gambling?”
	“There are some untested processes in gambling.”
	“Untested? Sounds interesting. What am I looking at? Blackjack?”
	“We could have a dealer and attendant services.”
	“What?”
	“A black jack dealer can mean loads for a business. People can gamble away their wages.”
	“I... that's clever. There are some workers I wouldn't need to pay as much. Why let them lose money gambling on their own time? Might cause some problems with management though, employing gambling addicts.”
	“Not at all. I have a study...” Karen flipped through a dossier to a paper entitled, “The Psychology of Work Place Gambling.” Avery couldn't see it too well but guessed it was over twenty pages.”
	“I don't need that level of detail.”
	“Well, it has to do with the psychology of debt. People work harder and complain less when paying back a debt they think is their fault even if their debt was preplanned, as would be the case.”
	“Hmm... interesting, let's definitely go for a blackjack dealer. In the lunchroom?”
	“Yes, if that's were you'd like to put it.”
	“Yeah, that's where I'll put it. Hmm... what about this, music jukebox. It'd be snazzy to have one of those around.”
	“Ah... music. Music in the workplace. One of my favorite subjects.”
	“Oh?”
	“Yes,” Karen replied. “Few people have an appreciation for how sound affects their daily activities. Peace and quiet. The early risers and the night owls do their best work in it. But it can be an intensely nerve wracking experience. So what is the best course of action? Play music loud enough to hear, quiet enough to filter out. The brain doesn't sit still. So give it just enough external stimulus not to notice emptiness.”
	“So what does this have to do with business?”
	“The jukebox comes with about 400 pre-programmed songs. None is challenging or jarring in any way. They send out a subtle message. 'Mediocrity. Complacency.' and your workers will go comfortably numb.”
	“And do what I tell them for once?”
	“Yes.”
	“Done.”
	“How about college sports? I'm a big football fan.”
	“That field's locked at the pro level. But college, on the other hand, is so regional, so dispersed, such a heterogeneous fan base...”
	“So what's the package?”
	“College football in the lunch room. Teams few care about of course. Accomplishes the same effect.”
	“What about the teams I care about?”
	“You going to be eating in the lunch room?”
	“No.”
	“Record them in hi def at home.”
	“Point taken. Then employees just type short messages?”
	“There will be terminals. Messages can be print pretty much as soon as they're entered.”
	“Shouldn't I look at them first?”
	“No. It works better that way. Don't want your employees to think this is some way to monitor them.”
	“Point taken. Well, interested in seeing this contract.”
	“It will be long.”
	“Hmm... maybe I should hand it over to Jessica. She has an eye for that sort of thing.”

*	*	*

	“I don't know about this contract Avery,” Jessica looked down at the floor.
	“Will we be making money Jessica?”
	“Hand over fist.”
	“And we won't be selling our souls? Employing child labor from China, dumping nitric acid into a pristine water supply, defrauding...”
	“No, nothing like that. It's just that there are...”
	“What?”
	“It just doesn't feel right Avery.”
	“There you go. Like always. Playing the  reluctantly involved bookkeeper.”
	“I'm not reluctant.”
	“You sold your share. You don't own anything. Just the salary I give you. Why is that?”
	“I just like keeping the books tidy. I'm good at it. I didn't want to get involved in... company politics.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“You know... politics.”
	“I really don't know.”
	“Well, it doesn't really matter now, does it? Your share is 52%. So the position of CEO is always up to you now.”
	“Jessica Lamb. There is something you've been hiding from me all these years. If you've read things over and it's a good contract, I'll sign it.”
	“You don't have to sign it.”
	“What?”
	“The contract is for the chief financial officer. Lars was specific about that.”
	“Why would he cut me out?”
	“You'll have to read the contract.”
	“How long is it?”
	“157 pages.”
	“All legalese?”
	“Most of it,”
	“Count me out. Sign it.”
	“You sure?”
	“What are you hiding Jessica? Come on, I know you're a bit... reserved. We'll go out for a little drink...”
	“When I'm off work I'm going to my husband and kids. They'll be waiting on me.”
	“Some other time then?”
	“Do you want me to sign the contract?”
	“Yes, on one condition.”
	“What condition.”
	“That you accept a 5% share from me.”
	“It's been a long time since you didn't have a majority.”
	“Oh, it's not that much. Just consider it a bonus for the contract. I want you back on my team.”
	“But I've never left.”
	“I mean financially.”
	“Fine, I'll sign the contract.”
	“I don't know when you became the mysterious one. Back when we started, I could read you like an open book. What happened?”
	“Time, I guess.”
*	*	*

	“Avery, I've looked over the new process you're looking to implement.”
	“Oh really, Shawn? He tried to hide any hint of contempt, having been warned of objections.
	“The ingredient list. Hydrofluoric acid, liquid nitrogen, mercury fulminate, what the hell kind of product we making?”
	“You don't understand the reactions?”
	“They must have invented some new chemistry since I was a grad student. Or perhaps a different business model.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“I think the chemistry's solid. It can produce seven times our current load.”
	“Then what's the problem?”
	“Our factory equipment. It wasn't designed for this kind of hazardous material.”
	“What's going to go wrong?”
	“I can't tell.”
	“You can't tell. You can't tell? Our profit goes up five times, 21% yours by the way, and you can't tell?”
	“The machines are ten years old. They should last another ten, but...”
	“But what?”
	“They've got a few duct tape and bubblegum fixes is all.”
	“Have they ever failed an inspection?”
	“No. But these chemicals are a level dangerous enough to...”
	“Are you not satisfied with the money?”
	“That's not it at all.”
	“Oh. How often are you out on the floor? Often?”
	“No. I mostly spend time in my workshop, making things you can't sell.”
	“Well, this will sell. You needn't worry after that. 7 million times 21%. You'll be able to make whatever you want. Anything.”
	“Well, if there's an industrial accident don't come crying to me.”
	“That's the spirit! Or at least part of it. We'll have to work on that.”
	“I think I'll be avoiding the lunchroom, if you don't mind?”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“Nothing. Let's get to work.”

*	*	*

	Shawn scrubbed his hands vigorously trying to get off the new chemical smell off his hands. It failed, but he decided to go into Jessica Lamb's office nonetheless. 
	“Shawn Aaron!” she said in surprise. “I haven't seen you since...” she smiled “... the new deal.”
	“Well you know how it is. Everything has to be put together just so.”
	“Making preparations for the new baby?”
	“What baby? I'm single.”
	“Your engineering baby.”
	“Oh, right. That. Well you put something together with your own hands you can't help but invest some of yourself in it.”
	“Always the builder, Shawn Aaron.”
	“The whole set up is quite impressive … though I must say I can't understand our new customers.”
	“Just as well as you didn't understand the old customers... at least that's what Avery thinks.”
	“Who care what he thinks? He's just a boss, and he's not here. He's barely been around while I've been doing the retooling. The new printing method is really ingenious. Of course it has a great fifteen syllable scientific name. But we just call it the steam freeze method. It uses liquid nitrogen. You know like back in the day when I did my experiments on possible superconductors? Those were the days. And now they're back. Full industrial chemistry is back in my life.”
	“Like a puppy.”
	“What?”
	“Big name chemistry's gone in your life twelve years, and the moment it's back you jump up and wag your tail, like a puppy upon your coming home.”
	“You've always had a way of putting things.”
	“You're too simple. You make things too easy.”
	“I'm not.”
	“Yes you are.”
	“No I'm not.”
	“Then how do I always do it?”
	“Gremlins. In any case, I am impressed by the change.”
	“Who wouldn't be impressed? I'm running the books, handling the contracts.”
	“Handling the contracts? I know you do the books. But shouldn't Avery handle the contracts?”
	“Oh, ordinarily he does but things are a little different. Lars has been discussing new business with him frequently.”
	“New business?” Aren't we head long into a major workplace change over?”
	“Well, Lars said something about real estate.”
	“Real estate? Who does Avery think he is, a land speculator? Damn the money's good but it's not that good.”
	“I don't know. Said something about needing to keep his eye on the horizon. You're right though. I've read the contracts. As I said, impressive.”
	“What's in them?”
	“Oh I wouldn't want to bore you with the technical details.”
	“I like technical details.”
	“I...” Jessica looked into Shawn's eyes, “I don't want to discuss the contracts.”
	“Well, I can mind my business, so long as it's my business. There isn't anything that puts me in a bind?”
	“No.”
	“What about you?”
	“I... I'll be fine. I signed them after all. Besides I don't bear any financial risk. I don't own any shares.”
	“I've never understood why you stopped wanting in, but that is your comfort after all. What do you think about the music in the lunch room?”
	“I'm eating in the office from now on.”
	“Yeah, along with the televisions it makes me feel I'm in a sports bar. And the black jack. Where the hell did Avery come up with that? That dealer is going to have to be paid. Will that really catch on?”
	“I handle the books. He'll bring positive revenue.”
	“You want to be my spotter? Like the college days?”
	“Yeah, like you doubling down on rent?”
	“I won that round didn't I? I wouldn't do it these days of course.”
	“You damn near gave me a heart attack,” she replied, play punching him.
	“Maybe I'll go to Vegas with all the money coming in.”
	“I won't be your spotter.”
	“I wouldn't ask. You've got a family after all.”
	“I'd find myself an eager young mathematics student. Very attractive.”
	“Who, you?”
	“Yeah. I'm older, got a well paying job, can take her to fancy casinos...”
	“Yeah, you'll find a Vegas hotel, spend the night and wake up. No girl, no money.”
	“Oh come on Jessica.”
	“No clothes...”
	“She'd steal my clothes too?”
	“Oh yeah, and give them to her fiancee.” 
	“Jessica?”
	“You never had good taste in women Shawn Aaron.”
	“You always remind me of old times. But new times, that's what we have now. I'm building new things, not tossing around ideas to have Avery squash them.”
	“Always live up to your potential Shawn Aaron.'

*	*	*

	The confetti phrases came in large unlabeled wood crates that smelled of cedar and were lined with silica gel packets labeled 'Do Not Eat'. It seemed odd to Shawn that they not be delivered via computer when efficiency was the name of the game. The phrases were entered manually by a privately contracted employee, who Shawn imagined worked for Lars.
	When the man wasn't looking Shawn felt the urge to grab a few strips now and again. “Connect bad economy with Iran.” “Blame budget woes on welfare mothers.”, “Squelch links to real estate firm.” Shawn didn't quite understand what customers might want this kind of confetti, but they must have wanted it for some kind of political party.
	Others seemed innocuous. “50 years ago., We mourn the tragic loss.” “Today will always be the day we remember.”
	Then the related ones. “That album is a crime against humanity.” “That quarterback couldn't throw a ball to himself,” “I shouldn't have doubled down.” All of the phrases made no sense for party confetti. But if people wanted shreds of paper tossed about carelessly, it seemed perfectly legitimate to comply.
	Then came the process of making paper, which did not involve wood pulp. It was a fascinating synthetic process. It started with burning coal. From there came the carbon source for the paper. The fumes were separated from CO2, with great pressure, and advanced filters. The coal impurities in the smoke were separated one by one with steam to heat and liquid nitrogen to freeze. The differences in reaction to heat separated the impurities--some to interact and form various colors of ink.
	Purely synthetic paper, purely synthetic ink of 8 separate colors. With this ink it was enough for 512 colors. It was a masterpiece of engineering, and Shawn still had a notebook trying to map how everything got to its destination. In any case, it was a system he could experiment with for years and optimize... provided he got some feedback which was lacking at this point.
	The print process gave off the clicking of an author at a typewriter. The clicking was a heady, treble mix to the hissing of compressed gases and the twinkling of ice crystal chemicals. Someday, Shawn wondered if it might turn from an ear-scraping endeavor into a manner of gauging the system, like learning a new language-- impenetrable at first, but snowballing into place. At the end the confetti was separating by a highly adjustable matrix of boron carbide which would never dull though first it was treated with hydrofluoric acid to remove bits of glass that somehow arose during the process.
	That was a bit disturbing to Shawn. How glass might end up in the process. Silcion was the most abundant element in the earth's crust, but why the steam freeze process couldn't get rid of it he wasn't sure.
	In any case, after all was said and done the confetti also got put back in those boxes, again by people that were probably on Lars' payroll. They marked the boxes with symbols that did not correspond to an alphabet he could recognize from the internet, except that it contained a few Cyrillic characters here and there.
	Then the lunch room. The atmosphere overall was quite jovial. That management might provide free entertainment was greatly appreciated even if much of what was available could have been retrieved from a smart phone.
	The room was a bit irritating for a few employees and they subsequently refused to eat there. But the response was positive. The sports and music were irritating to Shawn, but he couldn't quite say no the the blackjack table. 
	It was an old obsession. Time and age kept him from gambling more than $20 at a time, but there had been times he'd paid rent via Atlantic City. At one point it had gone towards tuition. It was a great system for making a reasonable income, provided no one caught you counting cards. He'd had a lovely spotter named Jessica Lamb. 
	At some point in the university he'd discovered a cheap way to make bulk paper, and a student with deep enough pockets named Avery wanted to start a business. Thus Already Confetti was born.
	Was Avery behind this new development – adding the blackjack table on the side after this new setup, or had he simply been thoughtless? In any case, Shawn gambled a little for amusement as he was often exhausted by lunch hour. The American Party Supply Institute. It was a different company. 
	
*	*	*
	
	The first trouble in the American Party Supply Institute came from neither employees nor factory equipment. It came from the jukebox. It began swapping chorus lines from one song into another. At first this was noticeable to only a few employees. This was because the alterations started to appear in the same tone and tempo. 
	That the alterations should appear in such a fashion was confusing from a technical standpoint. Although the jukebox was most certainly a computer underneath a stylish shell, one would expect if songs became scrambled they should include bits of other songs. But this was not occurring. The chorus lines were clearly changing. 
	This, thought Shawn, should be a minor hook up. The jukebox was playing altered versions of songs. People would get used to the altered version, made even like it better, and go back to eating. But the alterations never repeated themselves, neither in words, timing of the song, or number or repetitions. It was particularly obnoxious to many. They could not filter out an unpredictable song, and were uneasy when left with their conversations interrupted and thoughts unfinished because they could no longer avoid the songs. They begged to be listened to.
	Shawn tried a mere unplugging of the machine, but it must have had batteries for that mitigated nothing. A call to Lars' company for assistance said the machine was not serviceable and the problem could only be fixed with a replacement. For Shawn this was the first sign that the new business contracts and methods had some subtle barbs, loopholes, and traps. Shawn found Avery at complete indifference, a simple “they'll get used to it.” 
	Shawn decided, against any possible warranty considerations, to open up the machine on his own time. The mish-mashes, after all, might be prerecorded. If so he figured he'd just see some standard electronics. But something else might be different, Shawn thought, and he wasn't one for letting equipment go bad, even if it was nonessential. 
	Shawn had had to bring in his own toolkit. The screws that held it together did not seem to be chosen by any logical choice he'd known. But after twenty minutes of jostling with specialized screwdrivers he finally got the damn thing open. 
	Nothing seemed out of place, though noticeably missing was any apparent power source that could explain why it continued to play unplugged. The system also seemed to be contaminated with red splotches of some thick red liquid. It was splattered all over the circuit boards. He couldn't think of where it might come from. But he carefully wiped it off with a static free cloth. Then he put the machine back together and plugged it back in. He might have checked it, but the jukebox played pretty uninteresting pop and he didn't have the time. He figured his employees would figure it out. They were the ones that noticed it in the first place. In the mean time he would try to figure out the mystery substance. 
	Shawn took the stained cloth and subjected it to a few basic tests. He subjected it to a small daubing of both hydrochloric acid and bleach, neither of which seemed to affect it. Steaming, freezing, drying, nothing seemed to produce any unusual behavior. At a loss he simply checked his pockets, and an old business card fell out. The cardboard was solid white, but what should have been crisp black letters looked like they'd been printed with sewer water. He might have brought it up to Avery, but he couldn't remember how long the card had been in his pocket. His gut told him something important was up. But he resounded to keep things quiet for the time being. Avery never listened unless Shawn could spell out his concerns in permanent marker across his office wall.

*	*	*

	You never can tell who you'll meet in an elevator, Avery muttered under his breath upon getting out onto the 23rd floor of the building where Lars worked. He didn't really know the name of the building, and if pressed he might botch the pronunciation of the company's name. It did seem peculiar. If he worked on the 23rd floor of anywhere he felt like he'd want to proclaim it to anyone and everyone. Lars seemed more muted in his position, but now he'd called Avery in for an impromptu business meeting for reasons he did not clearly explain. 
	Lars was always trying to sell him something, though not always on a monetary level. Sometimes he was trying to sell Avery on a method or an idea, trying to convince him it had promise, even if it didn't seem he was the intended customer. Avery chucked it up as a quirk or a habit of success. In any case, he always seemed to explain what he wanted up front. It was strange for him to propose a meeting in his office without much advance notice. 
	Avery hadn't the foggiest idea what was to happen in Lars' office. He somehow imagined a man with lion's heads mounted on the wall from African hunting safaris, authentic swords from the middle ages, and at least five female secretaries under the age of twenty five. But upon opening the door to Lars' office he didn't see that swagger. Everything was in order, and nothing looked cheap. The room had a sort of aura but he couldn't pin it down. But if he let his eyes flitter a bit about the room he couldn't help but noticed hints of brass, like an ancient coin. Lars offered him a cocktail.
	“Sit my friend,” Lars stated. His relation to Avery as a something other than a client was easily recognized. Avery took a slow sip. It was white wine of some kind. He didn't know if he liked the taste or not, nor could he deem if it was cheap or expensive. So he just said nothing.
	“My number crunchers have found a most interesting development in your factory this week. Your phrases on music are in high demand.”
	“I see.” Avery tried to act aloof. There was money to made somewhere, though the nature of the deal wasn't clear. “I just put the system in. You said yourself you needed a nimble company. Someone to embrace a new idea. Your new idea to be perfectly frank. So that particular brand of confetti is taking off?”
	“Well, it's hard to say if things are taking off. But the perception is that they're taking off, and in a big way, and we have to act fast while the perception is still there.”
	“Are you saying there's a problem with my product?”
	“No, no, no.” Lars chided him. “We're not talking about products here. We're talking about sales opportunities. Your music confetti has sold faster than I could have anticipated, and demand should continue. But when you've got a hot product, you've got to treat it like a hot product. You need to hedge against how much you're product is in demand because it's in demand, you understand? Say there'll its expected they'll be a power outage. People start buying batteries because they need them, but also because other people are buying them as well. Then the power outage doesn't come. The battery's still a worthwhile product, but the customer doesn't need it as quickly as thought.”
	“Ok. That's easy enough. What's this got to do with the factory?”
	“Straight to the point. Good. Let's treat your factory like the power outage. Might a prudent business owner, who knows people are buying batteries just to buy batteries, sell them to a business he also owns, in order to keep people buying batteries for the sake of buying batteries?”
	“That's not the kind of business I run.”
	“Don't misunderstand me. That's not the kind of proposal I'm making. Just trying to put in real terms what is called a hedge, and it's common business practice. You've got a product to offer, and you're selling for what a client thinks it's worth to pay for it. Now, here's what we do. We create a subsidiary to buy some of your product and then sell it back to your main company by a set time period. That way, if your product price keeps rising, you're good, and if you're just experiencing a price spike, you're also good. You win either way. It's called hedging. Now that you've got a product taking off, you ought to consider this type of service, which my business does more routinely.”
	“You don't really have any expertise in my business field?”
	“It's not what I deal with everyday, like you would. I have some diversity in my clients. I offer services that help across businesses.”
	“You gave me the impression you knew a lot about this 'words as confetti' business.”
	“How's your balance sheet?”
	“Impressive.”
	“Then I knew what you needed as a business. How's the wine?”
	“The taste is really subtle, if you take the time to appreciate it.” It was the most sophisticated answer he could give without knowing a thing about white wine.
	“I like it. I'll run a contract by that secretary of yours. She's got a real eye for detail.”
	“I think I'll go over it. I've got the business degree after all.” Avery tried to hide the snarl in that remark. He wanted Lars' business knowledge, and thought that if his larger business needed to hedge against price spikes and 'perceptive value' that it was certain something to start considering. But something seemed off to him about the timing. Avery bore a big brunt of the risk in expansion. That Lars would start to get chummy after some numbers came off that were much higher than expected... Avery wondered if Lars didn't know if the idea would work, and was trying to put himself in the position to profit greatly off a risk he didn't take.
	But then, if Lars was trying to two-time a small business owner he should have tried to be more impressive. He should have offered champange, been wearing a more expensive suit, and spent some time discussing sports cars or some other high sounding snobby subject before he went straight to the point. No, Lars was probably just like any businessman whose idea went well. He had just taken the tone that Avery had just made it big, which he'd scorned as it implied he'd been small. But Lars seemed in earnest in offering the contract and truth be told, if the contract were long, he would prefer Jessica look it over rather than himself. 
	It was only... Lars' first reaction to his success was to hedge. But then that's what Lars would have done with any successful business, tried to sell his hedge fund's services, right? It was strange. Lars asked what he wanted for and gave you what he offered. He did not imply, he did not say something he didn't mean. He'd seen those business types before. Still, he walked away a little uneasy. 

*	*	*

	“Avery... I don't know what to say,” Shawn acknowledged. “I told you there was something wrong with the music. You ignored me, but it was bothering the employees. So I went to fix the machine, and the problem stopped. Now you tell me the employee responses to the music are creating a better product. First you say you want them to get used to it, then you want them to not get used to it, and are blaming me for fixing things...”
	“The jukebox wasn't covered by warranty Shawn. You went against contract, and now it's hurting our profit.”
	“I'm sorry but as an engineer I get bothered by say, red ooze gushing from a circuit board. What happens if this spreads to the rest of the system?”
	“Ok, alright. So it looked like a problem from an engineering perspective, even if it wasn't. The system's new... I can't tell you to watch it for problems and not tamper with it if something doesn't work they way you think it's supposed to work. We'll just have to go back to hoping the machine starts malfunctioning the way it did before.”
	“Well, a machine doesn't break the same way unless you hit it the same way. Got any ideas on that?”
	“That's your department. My department... I think it's time to call Lars.”
	“I think you should wait to discuss business until after the system has proved its mettle.”
	“It already has, Lars showed me the numbers. He showed me the demand for the employee submitted music based confetti. Then he told me the price might unexpectedly flip and I should get hedges. Insurance.”
	“Wait a minute...”
	“I'm tired of waiting a minute for you Shawn. Businessmen don't wait.”
	“Lars showed you the numbers?”
	“I'm not listening. Not now. Go back and tend to the machines.”
	“Shouldn't Jessica have shown you the numbers?” Shawn asked, but his question fell on deaf ears. Avery seemed fine with this indeterminate red substance gathering in his electronics, but Shawn was not. Not until he could riddle out the confetti printing system. 
	There were really two approaches to the problem. He could try sequentially reading the manual from start to finish and understand the process. But there was also interesting anomalies for which he could try to riddle things out. One of his new jobs was inspections, things vital to the printing process. The liquid nitrogen was being stored at a specific temperature and pressure that had to be checked regularly. The newly delivered coal had to have the right balance of impurities. The water supplied for the steam also had to contain a certain balance of impurities. This last point was particularly counterintuitive to a scientist that took great pains to get distilled water. 
	So he counted on a plan of trying to map things start to finish, riddling out the system's apparent choke points, and looking at the actual mechanical parts as well to investigate this new machine. And when everyone else had gone home. He opened up the jukebox again. The red driplets had returned. However, as the situation called for him not to wipe them out systematically but collected them in an eye dropper. 
	He hastened to make sure the substance was sealed well and tight. He planned to send it off to a good scientific laboratory to get it identified at his own expense. Avery didn't perceive an issue but Shawn sure as hell didn't want anyone flash freezed to death or dissolved in hydrofluoric acid. The viscous smudges hadn't get into the main equipment but without knowing their source, he couldn't rule out a contaminant. From there, there was little to do but wait until things got better or worse. 

*	*	*

	The red ooze which had started in the music box now had traces throughout the entire factory. It had been slow to appear, and its pathway was anything but predictable. It started showing up in the filters, which Shawn had replaced twice until giving up on that kind of solution. When Avery mentioned all that money the factory would be making, Shawn reflected, he neglected to tell Shawn one thing: that demand would be so high there'd be little time for any maintenance. The machines were on 24 hours a day, a radical departure from the days when they only needed to keep them on for eight. Maintenance ground production to a halt. So against his instincts as an engineer he let the filters go. They did not seem to change the printing process, which Shawn could not account for. 
	He looked down at a crumpled sheet in his pocket, a sheet of phrases as of yet uncut into pieces of confetti. These phrases printed on the confetti had been guarded like a trade secret, and you could be certain the final product was surveilled. However, Shawn had been able to pick out an uncut sheet from a worker ever so often. An employee at who worked on the line occasionally inspected those uncut sheets, and Shawn offered his services as a spotter at the dealer. At times he would declare a sheet defaulty and pass it to Shawn when he did well at the tables. 
	The nature of the phrases had been interesting to say the least. This week seemed a sudden influx in demand for slogans about freedom. Quality seemed to be irrelevant. “One cannot secure the blessings of freedom without liberty.” was one he remembered in particular. One might expect that as some kind of joke, but the general pattern was a scatter shot of slogans about freedom that didn't even make sense as satire, and Shawn was certain whatever client wanted these slogans would cancel their contract within two weeks. 
	That had been a regular cycle, though it had been hard to gauge at first. Avery just struck him as being horribly moody about the ooze. It never went away when it showed up somewhere in the production cycle. The filters were the first stage in the process. The batches of color started turning red. By Shawn's gauge the number of colors that could be produced had dropped 40%--each possibility replaced by a dark red. But orders did not correlate to the relentless progress of red.
	Orders went through a boom and bust cycle. Suddenly orders came out in droves and Avery seemed ecstatic. Shawn would get some uncut sheets during these period, and they would always have some kind of theme. At least keywords would stand out amongst the noise populated by a sheet when the booms and busts calmed. Moreover, the mass orders rarely had more than two colors. Increasingly, as the ooze had spread, this color was red, as the number of other colors (both in variety and printing capacity) were slowing down. 
	During the busts production was down but there was no keywords and every color on the palette was used. Avery, no doubt, was looking to diversify after a canceled contract. At these moments he would be breathing down Shawn's neck trying to get the ooze out of the factory design. This had been standard practice for Avery, who couldn't determine if the substance was the problem for the failed orders or the boon that caused the sudden influx of business. Regardless of the ups and downs, the red kept showing up in the confetti factory like an open wound on a dying soldier. 
	The television sets began to act in the same way as the jukebox. The channels wouldn't stay put on sports. Shawn recalled a moment on with the television set locked on C-Span when a politician gushed forth the following plea:

Freedom of Religion is a commandment from God whose sanctity cannot be trampled upon. The murder of a child is murder. It does not matter if that child is elected or not. That child has a right to take up the call to office, and we must respect that right and put that child in office.

during a committee meeting on a budget proposal. He sounded as though he were reading straight from a botched cut and paste job of his own factory's very confetti. 
	The only way to stay sane at this point, Shawn reckoned, was to accept this mess as the new normal. He resolved merely keep an eye out for weaknesses at the critical points, like the liquid nitrogen tanks or the barrels of hydrofluoric acid and try to riddle out the quirks of the system while understanding that somehow, despite the mess, the product sold. Every so often, in moments of respite, he would wander over to Jessica's office.
	This time, when he did so, he heard Avery screaming. Shawn had grown accustomed to Avery's temper when it had been hurled at him. He'd never heard it launched at Jessica. He opened the door without knocking.
	“How could you have lost that account? Two weeks ago they were our best customer?”
	“I told you when we signed the contract with Lars I had misgivings.”
	“Hello Avery,” Shawn stated flatly, as if the exchange weren't taking place.
	“Shawn? This is a private meeting.”
	“Between the three of us. I'm still a business partner, remember?”
	“Alright, fine. Jessica, we don't you tell Shawn how business is going.”
	“Certainly. The new proposed system was supposed to ramp up our production seven times. As it stands we're not making that number. We're only at 6.7.” 
	“That's the problem Jessica?” Shawn asked.
	“No. The production's fine. Contract after contract gets cancelled.”
	“Not renewed,” Jessica corrected, “they expire monthly, as per the agreement we had when we set up the system.”	
	Avery let out a huge sigh, one that reverberated out and left nothing but silence in its wake. “When a big names keep cancelling contracts that means I have to hedge every new one I sign. That costs money. And there's never a guarantee that a new company will pick up the product.”
	“Well you should have thought of that when you wanted to enter this market. The nature of the product...” Jessica stopped as if she'd said something wrong.
	“Our process is automated! How can customers be so fickle as to not know if and when they need it?”
	“You were saying something about the nature of the product, weren't you Jessica?” Shawn said in complete calm after Avery's burst. Jessica wasn't sure which question to answer.
	She looked over at Shawn. “You know I know, don't you Shawn?”
	“Know what?” asked Avery.
	“There was a long contract I had to sign before the new process could get off its feet.”
	“But don't you handle this kind of contract Avery?”
	“Well, Lars made it a condition that Jessica sign it. She didn't say there was anything wrong with it.”
	“If you don't recall, I did object.”
	“But you didn't give a reason.”
	“And so you acted like I didn't have one. You didn't take time to discuss my doubts. I couldn't explain myself and then money talked louder than my intuition.”
	“This sounds,” Shawn noted, “familiar to me.”
	“You weren't sure about this from an engineering standpoint?” Jessica asked. The pleasant surprise was apparent in her tone.
	“No. What is it that you were bringing up. The nature of the product?”
	“The contract I signed included confidentiality clauses. I'm not going to break them.”
	“Then just tell us what you can. As an engineer I've never seen so many systems fail and succeed simultaneously. What is the nature of the product, as best you can tell?”
	“Well I can't give you any correspondence with specific clients. I can't tell either of you why sales are splattered, because I can't tell you what it is clients are asking for. But...”
	Shawn threw out a crumpled piece of paper, a stray uncut confetti piece that he'd yet to file away. “They asking for anything like this?”
	Jessica looked at the paper and turned white.
	“I'll take that as a yes. No breaking of contract required. Read it.”
	“One cannot secure the blessings of freedom without liberty,” she chuckled. “This...” she looked at the paper.
	“You don't have to talk about details Jessica. I've been collecting these little sheets. What are they?”
	Jessica tried to see if quiet might be her protection. It might have worked with Avery. Shawn was to persuasive.
	“If you must know, Shawn Aaron, think about the changes in the process. We used to make party confetti. Now we print words on said confetti. When the customer tosses them out carelessly, what's the difference?”
	“Lies. Is that it, lies?”
	“No. Lies are cheap. You don't need a factory for that. Fragmentary truth. That's what they want. Truth that's good enough for the moment, and can be forgotten and cleaned up after it's no longer needed. But if it's no longer needed, why buy more of it? That's why the contracts are monthly Avery.”
	“What about the ooze?”
	“That's still a riddle to me. No one understands. I've heard of other confetti factories quietly shutting their doors despite giving every indication of being financially successful.”
	“So this is the nature of the business, Jessica?” Avery asked. “The nature I didn't want to hear about?” 
	“Yes.”
	“Well I'm out,” Avery stated, “I don't care if the money's good. I started my business so I could be my own man, not scramble around trying to please customers whose desires I can't know by contract.”
	“What will you do with your shares then,” Shawn asked.
	“Sell them to the highest bidder,” Avery responded.
	“You mean Lars?”
	Avery sighed, “Lars would be the lowest bidder, and he's already gotten a 15% share from me.”
	“How did he do that?” Jessica asked. “You've never been one to barter off your shares.”
	“It was the only payment he'd take. For the fake independent distribution network that's off the books.”
	“This is the first I've heard of it.”
	“Like I said, it was off the books. Every cancelled contract I went out and asking for his hedging services. He'd set up some accounting arrangement in exchange for shares. He must have known the nature of the business in advance. In any case I'm ditching my thirty two percent and starting a new company. Why don't you come join me Shawn. It will be like it was.”
	“It won't be like it was. I'm staying.”
	“What? Why? You have some sort of engineering interest in fragmentary truth?”
	“Something is going on here. I have to find out what it is.” He picked up the crumbled sheet of paper. 
	“What about you Jessica? What will you do with your five percent?”
	“I never took that share you offered me, Avery. I just put it in trust with your name on it. It was out in the open, but you never looked.”
	“Why would you reject an offer like that?” Avery asked. 
	“I didn't want to get involved in the business decisions.”
	“But you handle the finances. Moreso than ever before.”
	“But it doesn't matter. You're leaving right? My salary's better. I have kids to put through college.”
	“What about you then Shawn? Whoever takes over the company is obviously going to fire you. Look at the mess in the machines.”
	“I still have a share, and if I have anything to say about it, Jessica's going to stay right where she is too, if that's what she wants.”
	Avery walked out the door and slammed it shut as though he'd never be back. 
	“Thank God,” Jessica stated flatly. “I've never liked being in the same room when you two disagreed about business.”
	“I see why you sold your share. What are you going to do now? You want to stay here?”
	“Yes. Come, here. Let me show you something. I've got a surprise in my desk.”
	“Oh?”
	“It's very red. Corked away in a graduated cylinder.”
	“Samples?”
	“Yeah, I went to the trouble of getting some of this stuff for myself.”
	“Why?”
	“I thought they might be important.”
	“Well then,” Shawn replied, “let's make sure they're the real thing.” He opened the cylinder and dipped his uncut confetti strip inside. The print disappeared everywhere the strip was soaked. He pulled it out and capped the cylinder. “Yeah, that's the stuff alright. The paper hasn't changed colors a whit, but the print is gone.”
	“What could it be?”
	“I don't know. Let's find out.”

Traveling with Tragedy

	What appeared to be a screen faded to black, and dissolved into the brick wall of an abandoned factory. Dr. Creed and Ali did not remember getting out of their chairs, but were standing nothing remained beyond them, beyond rusted factory equipment.
	“So?” Dr. Creed asked. Ali shuffled through his backpack for a conspicuous blue folder, held together by a spool of red thread, which Ali quickly unraveled. 
	“There are these prints. I've found them in a number of newspapers. Obvious slip ups. Clear misprints on the various papers I pick up all the time as a journalist. I go online, and the web content is fine. So I call the editor, and that editor is clueless to the mistake. So I buy another copy, and there's nothing wrong with them. Here, read these.
	Dr. Creed walked over to a busted window, where a nice sliver of light provided for some proper reading. Dr. Creed burst out hysterically. He looked up at Ali. “He said that at a peace summit?” 
	“So the paper claims. There's several more. A board meeting for a biotech company in Europe. Here's one on a border dispute between Greece and Turkey.”
	Creed raised an eyebrow. “In the American Press?”
	“Yep.”
	“Not that many people in the US know Greece and Turkey have a border. Especially my students. Let me take a read.”
	Ali handed him the paper.
	“A student couldn't have turned this in as a joke, it's that bad. Like someone pissed on a Greek newspaper and then translated it into English. Poorly. “Greek and Turkish Border Gets Hot—Russian Influenced, Washington Says”. That's quite a puzzle. You've never been able to find a second copy.”
	“Nope. Editor doesn't remember having printed the article in the first place.”
	“Does the American Party Supply Institute hold out some clue for you?”
	“If random phrases were being chucked together, that would explain a few things.”
	“You notice that part about the liquid nitrogen?”
	“Yeah.”
	“The accident. The one you can't find any traces of.”
	“It was in the papers. More than one. I still can't make out what happened. The driver can't be reached for comment. The trucking company and the manufacturer can't be reached for comment. And without being able to see the wreck, I can't follow up on it. There's just one thing unusual about the whole issue. There's one detail I gleaned. Check out one the photos from the wreck. The truck has Nevada license plates.”
	“The truck was headed south wasn't it?”
	"Yeah."
	“What the hell is a truck licenced in Nevada carrying liquid nitrogen south through Minnesota?” 
	“Legitimate shipping can take some funny routes. But I've tracked phony suppliers for stories and this routes smells bad. I don't know. It's my only lead. I don't have much time left out in the field. So I'm off to Vegas. First place to start looking. You want to join?”
	“Am I going to be able to help in your journalistic pursuit, or am I going to get in the way?”
	“No, you won't get in the way. But... do you have other plans?”
	“I was thinking a trip to Chicago is in order for me.”
	“Chicago?”
	“An uncle ex-professor of mine might need a visit. Diverging realities, contradictory records, fragmentary truth... he'll love it. I hope maybe I can get my bearings.”
	“And your university job?”
	“It can wait.”
	“Alright then. You use IRC before?”
	“Huh?”
	“IRC, internet relay chat. Chatrooms.”
	“I'm familiar with the concept.”
	“Here,” Ali pulled out a pencil and wrote down a phrase and a password. “The chat room is called #emerging. Here's the password.” Ali wrote out a long string of digits and letters.
	“You have it memorized?” Dr. Creed asked.
	“I'd advise you to do the same. A password's really only safe in your head these days. Common, let's go.” 

	Dr. Creed, slowly turned over to Phoenix and asked, "Are you real?"
	"Am I real? I'm odd but..."
	"It's not the most usual thing to ask I know but..."
	"What else would I be? A shadow on the wall of Plato's cave?"
	"Hmph," Dr. Creed muttered, looked in the driver's mirror, then the passenger side mirror. He had to get off the road until something got cleared up. 
	"What is it?" Phoenix asked, though without the kind of tremor Creed would have expected. 
	"You... that's a good image is all. I've been wrapped up in something."
	"I can tell you're a little tense."
	"Hmm... Plato's cave. I just need to work this one through."
	"Go on. I'm not going anywhere."
	"So Plato thinks that what we see with our senses is only a projection of a concept, illuminated by the sun. The physical world consists of shadows, which we confuse with reality because we're unable to turn around and see what's doing the projecting. Right?"
	"Yeah, the whole cave thing. Always thought that was kind of bullshit."
	"Oh?"
	"Right, so Plato says humans are chained, and facing a cave wall, only able to see the shadows of reality blah, blah, blah. Philosophy is supposed to be the way to turn people around and see the projecting source. But how did the philsopher break free in the first place. How did they not confuse the shadows with reality, like everyone else? But Plato also gives special credit to the philosophers, of which he happens to be one."
	"Yes, so how would you see through the projections."
	"I don't see how you could. So then we're just living in an illusory world were truth is never certain, and therefore irrelevant. I never got why that passage is so famous."
	"But the things casting the shadodws," Creed continued, "who's controlling them."
	"Seems irrelevant."
	"But they control the shadows being projected..."
	"And so we see a shadow world of their design and we can't know. The same circle."
	Creed hadn't told Phoenix about HADES. But he thought more about the cave in Plato's story. There were people who moved the "real" objects past the flame that cast shadows against the cave walls. Could the agents of HADES be the ones responsible for moving projections? For casting some false reality on his life, like ancient documents or civil war enthusiast truckers? 
	The idea felt like it could lead to some sanity. But then the issue could pushed into the same area Phoenix found so fruitless. There'd be no way to know. The actual logic led to a dead end. But the idea of HADES, its agents and theatres, were somehow involved with some process that altered or controlled reality seemed to fit. But how and more importantly why. Something felt right, but the full nature of this idea remained vague and unformed in his mind. 
	Phoenix looked over at him. "Are you ok?" she asked.
	"Oh I'm fine," he replied. "I think I can get back on the road now." 
	"I should hope so. You looked like you were about to break down. Nice to see I can give someone an existential crisis. Maybe next time I can do it on purpose." 
	"Look over my shoulder for me, would ya?"
	"Sure."
	Dr. Creed, a bit dazed and not putting together how long it would take to accelerate to highway speed nearly caused a wreck when he pulled into the lane off the shoulder. But the car on a collision course with him sped up and passed the car coming up on his left before he could rear end into Creed's vehicle. Creed sped up, but the near death encounter could not be undone. 
	"I'm hoping you're not going to practice the crisis thing while I'm driving."
	"Why not? Didn't you say you wanted to live a little?"
