Active:

The Spectre of Atlantis
Civil Wars and Hospital Beds
Road Trip in Red
Ooze from the Confetti Factory
Traveling with Tragedy (Phoenix) 

Passive

The Spectre of Atlantis (Ooze from the Confetti Factory)
Dr. Creed Goes to Washington 
March of the Cnidocytes (The Numerologist Can't Stop the Bees)


Theatre of Hades
Draft 2

The Spectre of Atlantis

	The door to Dr. Creed's office hovered a bit as he realized his belongings had been ransacked. Given that there were only three days before finals, he could only come to the conclusion that it was a student looking for a copy of an exam. Not that it would do the student any good, for Dr. Creed had long learned to make alternate versions of tests. 
	His initial response to this indignity was to pretend nothing happened. So many things might have been taken from him. Curriculum, professional notes, research materials, personal diary entries, it might all be missing. He didn't want to add this to his worry list. So he just opened up the drawer where he hid his liquor to see if that was missing and surprisingly it wasn't. It was a vintage Greek white wine he couldn't replace so he was glad to see it still there. He noticed too that his pomegranate juice that he used to wash down the wine still happened to be there. 
	This was a surprise. If an ill behaved student entered his office for a search then the alcohol should have been the first thing to go. Insult should have been added to injury and his juice should have turned up missing as well. “I came here to steal exams. Oh look, juice!” That should have been the response of an irresponsible freshman. 
	But apparently it wasn't, so he sat down at his desk and started sorting things out. Fortunately the semester was wrapping to a close. He just had a few classes to teach, then an exam to give, he did have time to sort things out. Some of his testing material had been pilfered, but it wasn't material he couldn't replace or reinvent. He picked up the collection of papers strewn about his office that he quickly recognized as for exams, and negotiated with a drawer from a stiff filing cabinet that needed to be replaced. As he pushed it shut it screeched in complaint. 
	He then went through the more important task of putting together his personal notes. There was a chance some stray thought a great deal of time ago might suddenly be revealed to his detriment. There was little he could do about that now. So he collected the array of cocktail napkins and stray scratch paper that collected his random thoughts and shoved them in a drawer in no particular order. A casual glance showed nothing important. But a deep creased, yellowing napkin contained a phrase he'd coined and forgotten about. 

“There is no technical solution to the problem of being human”

	He sighed, and pulled out his bottle of wine. He didn't have any glasses so the only thing he could do was chug. It seemed disrespectful, but then again, there was no one around to complain except the wine. He finished things off with what remained of his juice. 
	According to today's IT technical culture there was a solution to being human, and ancient Greece had nothing to do with the equation. It was supposedly irrelevant. Though much of his teaching focused on technical issues like the proper use of verbs, there was not a class that went by that he felt that he needed to justify his passion to those who considered it at best just a class and at worst a waste of time. It was something he expected to get used to after being a teacher for so long. He never did. The sudden bursts of activity and the lulls of boredom, crunch time, student excuses, classroom disruptions, reading poor handwriting in an alternate alphabet, these were things he'd grown accustomed to. His heart never gave up on the feeling that everyone should care about the classics and ancient Greek culture. It was the root of Western civilization, a crux of understanding why things are the way they are.  It was an unrealistic notion, that it would have been rational to give up. Instead he just drank. 
	This was a habit he learned well not to discuss. When he did, he was generally advised he was running away from his problems and not facing facts. These things were undoubtedly true, but giving up his conviction seemed heartless. If he needed to binge drink every so often to keep it, then that was what he was going to do. 
	Dr. Creed went out to look for some cups of some sort. Drinking straight from the bottle was ill advised. His wine would be quite difficult to replace. It was aged wine and made with care though not with every modern method. It had a bit of bitterness that was hard to replicate. It wasn't the kind of thing one could just order. Dr. Creed stopped at the staff water cooler. Paper cups would have to do. There was still the problem of figuring out just what had happened in his office. So he went, sat back down, and looked at what was lying on his desk. Under a cluster of littered papers, his recent mail, was undisturbed. A thick manilla envelope lay waiting for his perusal. He knew what it was. He contemplated tearing it open with his teeth but instead reached to the drawer that contained his letter opener. To his chagrin he found that it was stolen. But this aggravation was minor. He just wanted to know if the envelope had a yea or nay. 
	He paused, wiped off his black rimmed glasses, and opened it with as few rips as he could muster. It was his manuscript, returned. 

	Dr. Creed:

	Your paper is clearly written but unacceptable for publication. It is generally considered there is not enough evidence in the historical record to support the kinds of conclusions drawn in the paper. Your conclusions may be valid, but they are too speculative to be publishable.

	Great, he thought. Advancing in his career meant getting papers published. If he wanted to do something more than basic Greek in a small university in Minnesota, he had to make his mark in academia. Yet for some reason he persisted in taking up subjects that were rather unlikely to receive publication. He had a particular fondness for the Athenian statesman Solon. His presence was definitely in the historical record, but his was a figure so ancient there was little that could be said for certain. Wasn't it worth pushing the limits of the edge of history even if you were wrong? To not be so worried about being right that you couldn't use your imagination?
	Apparently this wasn't the viewpoint of the publications he'd been sending his work to, and experience told him he shouldn't keep working on the kinds of things he knew would get rejected, but he thought they were the kinds of things that were important, and hoped each time some new editor or staff might change their minds.
	Dr. Creed poured himself another drink. Nobody changed their minds. The students thinking his class was a waste of time never changed that opinion. No matter what the assignment, there was the question was how little work they could get away with. The students of promise were going to be interested in the subject anyway. Nothing changed.
	Underneath the manilla envelope lay another envelope he also recognized. This was a proposal to come on a show for an educational program regarding the subject of Atlantis. His sister had dated a producer at some point and had previously needed him to portray the “scholarly” point of view. He had become a regular for this type of program. 
	His old arguments against the existence of Atlantis would be rehashed. Regardless of the fact that plate tectonics demonstrated its existence was impossible, its continuation as a historical fantasy irked him because there weren't enough historical documents to justify believing it existed in the first place. The concept of Atlantis started in a literary dialogue of Plato, who had a spotty record for historical accuracy. Plato's prime concern was always being philosophically correct not a factual rendition of history. 
	But for someone reason people had to believe in this mythical place with advanced technology and a utopian future that for some reason just perished in an earthquake before they could bring peace, love, and happiness to everyone. He got a play the role of buzzkill of the followers of Madame Blovatsky, Edgar Cayce, and a string of self proclaimed mystics that used the mystery of Atlantis to dupe people into believing they had special powers. 
	The experience was overall humiliating. He was a scholar. This kind of debate was beneath him. But embarrassingly the check he would receive would be about a fifth of his salary, which he generally used to see the real Greece—if it didn't have to go to bills as it had the last three times. 
	Dr. Creed put the paper aside black leather folder to his right. He looked to his next piece of mail. It was just a business card that read HADES. He tossed it up to an upper shelf and then first noticed a piece of parchment. As soon as he placed it on his desk he immediately took his hands off it. It was fragile, and had an unusual smell that reminded him of a library basement. He looked down on the scroll and read. The Greek was archaic. If he hadn't done some of the research he'd completed, he couldn't tell if he'd been able to read it. This was a noted contrast to classical Athenian Greek that he could read like English. 

The Fall of Atlantis as Related to Solon

	 Dr. Creed took off his glasses and rubbed them with a Kleenex. He put them back on and reread the title.

The Fall of Atlantis as Related to Solon

	He took out a magnifying glass and examined the parchment further. He was not an expert of the physical properties of ancient parchment, but the ridges, small tears, and uneven texture contained too much variety and subtlety to appear to be a forgery. He could not tell the parchment's age. But the text provided suggested the seventh century B.C.E., the age of Solon. If this were true it was exactly the kind of thing he was looking for. Why would someone ransack his office and leave this riddle?
	Plato's tale of Atlantis, as told in his dialogues, claimed to be passed down from Solon the legendary Athenian statesman. Dr. Creed had never bought the idea that Plato's tale was true. He'd gone on cable TV to say so.  
	It was possible Plato had gotten the idea to repeat this tale, and tie it to the statesman Solon, based off a text such as this. Possible, but unlikely. As the text continued, it became clear the story was quite different from the one Plato told. It mentioned a massive island of an advanced pre-historic civilization that fell in a single night. The gist. But the narrative and the purpose of the text was completely different. It was novel. It was the kind of thing that could launch a true career in the classics if it was not a forgery. Eager to share the text with colleague he began a rough translation.

These truths were passed down the Aegean Line from heir to heir to the great statesman Solon. For reasons I can only guess, he refused to believe the story and made the telling and recording of the story a crime. I write it down on this parchment until such time as it is safe to reveal. 

The kingdom of Atlantis was one of far superior knowledge to that held in Athens. It was a nation not constricted to land. Via various construction methods the Atlanteans had constructed an island nation, a floating vessel country free to sail the seas as it choose. It could trade with an coastal nation, or launch a pillage whenever it pleased. In its early days, Atlanteans took it as a matter of course to acquire the iron and lumber to grow the city year after year. 

Thus, the island began to consume more and more of Poseidon's domain. The industrious Atlanteans never stopped in the expansion of their nation. Lest all of the ocean be swallowed, Poseidon hatched a plan. He promised Apollo a sea nymph of beauty beyond compare if he offered the Atlanteans a prophecy. Having conquered the seas, the people of Atlantis were promised they could conquer the sky. 

This prophecy was contested and jeered at by many. But a prophecy from Apollo was not something to be ignored, and some builders that had dedicated themselves to expanding horizontally began plans to construct vertically. At first it was a novelty. But as Atlantean buildings grew taller the people could see further beyond the horizon. With this new sight, the world was there's for the taking. For each new thing one could see became a new thing that could be owned. 

Vertical construction took off, and all the innovation that attracted the country's greatest minds was in vertical methods. A few without the imagination of the new age continued their horizontal construction. They did not heed the rumors that Atlantis may one day touch the stars. But they did. For a time the Atlanteans could pluck stars from the sky and arrange them as they pleased. They did not give that sky much order, but is not surprising that sailors today have a star which always helps them point north. 

The island of Atlantis began casting a shadow wherever it made port. Upon this frightening marvel they secured great terms of trade and the country became quite rich. This wealth was used to continue in the nation's intoxication of height—a thrill known today only by a hermit living in a mountain cave. As Poseidon had schemed, Atlantis was quite tall indeed. 

After the Atlantean nation passed over a sea of great depth, Poseidon sent a mighty wave to the great nation of Atlantis. It possessed such height in proportion to its base the island toppled in a single blow. Fifty foot waves followed in its wake. The People of Atlantis extolled Apollo for aid, but Apollo, god of the sun, retreated, leaving nothing for Atlantis but the sight of the stars as it plunged to the sea. Nothing survived  sparing the divine aid Poseidon offered.

Twelve humans were spared on the condition that both they and their progeny send forth a warning to all nations regarding the fall of Atlantis. Without exception these were foreign born traders, instructed to tell the tale in their native language to their native peoples. I am progeny of the twelve. I write this story in hopes that it shall be safe to pass the story on to other cities of Greece and the progeny of Solon. They must know the dangers of attempting to conquer the sky and the sea. The story of Atlantis must not be forgotten.

	Dr. Creed looked up at the clock. It was three in the morning and he had a 7:30 class. He locked the door to his office and hoped to catch enough sleep to make it through the next day. 



	Dr. Creed's next class was quite different after reading his newly acquired piece of parchment. The teaching and memorizing of a dead language whose importance he'd struggled for his academic career to justify seemed to require re-evaluation. People didn't want the details of a language they were likely never to speak. They wanted Atlantis. He knew this. The disparity in time and money between his incomes and television engagements made it hard to ignore.  Dr. Creed forced the notion out of his mind until the end of his 11:30 class. Not one to stand on ceremony, he found an obscure corner of the library and simply fell asleep. 
	He awoke around 4, and headed towards his office. Without suffering from sleep deprivation he was able to process the disconnect he'd felt in his classes. Dr. Creed had always loved classical culture, something that required proficiency in Greek to fully appreciate. For the Western world, Greece was the first place where scholars had tried to define life and write it down. No longer content to share musings and let time erode collective memory, the Greeks wrote not merely for their own age but for everyone that could read Greek. And over a millennium later, during the Renaissance, the classics brought back inquiry and empiricism to an age no longer satisfied with faith and revealed truth. 
	Dr. Creed finally managed to make it to his office door. But paused before opening it, and simply stood there in the hallway. Thinking back to this classes. The classics fueled that revival, in every art and science, and they could do it again. But... Dr. Creed paused while musing over a long held prediction. At last an answered question popped out. Revive it from what? Ecological Disaster? Climate Change? The Second Depression? The Fall of Civilization? The classics seemed hopeless in the face of all that. These were problems not faced by the Greeks.
	“Did you forget your keys?” a student asked when he stood in the hallway.
	“No, I'm fine.” Dr. Creed said, checking his office door. It was unlocked. He was certain that he locked it, but it was something easily neglected. He went into his office. The interruption was obnoxious. He closed the door so he could think in private without being asked if something was wrong. Dr. Creed never understood why it was difficult to think in public. When the brain was trudging the murk of everyday life no one noticed. But leave that murk and not hide it, then suddenly something must be wrong. 
	Dr. Creed sat down and tried to collect his thoughts. He felt the classics to be an antidote to something, but the poison itself remained undefined. He couldn't come up with a word or phrase for it, though it was something he saw in his students every day. It was an indifference, an apathy, a... sludge, of some sort. Sometimes he felt he was trying to drag his students through a clogged drain pipe. 
	Dr. Creed reached in the corner where he thought he'd replaced the parchment. It was missing. The translation sat on top of his desk exactly where he'd left it. Dr. Creed pushed papers aside, opened desk drawers, and began again the task of rearranging his library. Nothing. He knew this wouldn't conjure up something that simply wasn't there, but he had difficulty letting it be gone. 
	He picked up a pile of papers and was ready to throw them in the air, but something was amiss. The weight felt wrong in his hand, and a subtle, brittle sound could be heard as he moved them towards the air. Amongst his papers there was something that was not paper, or at least not modern paper. It was papyrus, and written in hieroglyphs. It was greatly weathered. Dr. Creed knew quite little about Egypt, except that knowledge of Egyptian was unnecessary to translate hieroglyphs. He scrounged a text from an old undergrad course and began to translate this new wonder. 

The False Scribe of the Sea Kingdom


	The ancient pharaohs passed down the story of a scribe with a jar of nectar. It was give to Pharoah to sample, and it was sweeter than anything known. He sent a great number of scholars to examine the substance, which the scribe called star wine. After the demonstration, and the examination, the scribed secreted the star wine away.  
	As the living son of Osiris Pharaoh demanded to know about the scribe’s magic. He claimed to come from a kingdom far away in the sea, but that his kingdom had discovered this wisdom by approaching the heavens. 
	Upon hearing this Pharoah ordered his builders to discuss plans for reaching the heavens. He asked the scribe if he had the magic to reach the heavens and the scribe said no, but only told the pharaoh how the structure should not be built. He told pharaoh that his kingdom, upon reaching the heavens, had sunk into the sea by making his building too tall. He suggested a structure with a wide base, so as to keep it from falling. The pyramid was the most obvious solution to the problem.
	Then, having set about to build this pyramid, Pharoah wished to know what might lie in the heavens. The scribe answered the heavens were the domain of Ra, and his domain was a harem without measure in next life for any pharaoh that managed to reach it.
	Stone was laid on stone for centuries, and the scribe’s line reached a great multitude...


	Dr Creed stopped his translation. He'd lost track of time and felt a throbbing headache at the base of his skull, near the top of his spine. Each word had been wrestled out with tedious search, and he wasn't even half way finished. He knew this document, should it not be a forgery, would probably undo just as much known about Egypt as the previous parchment would have been for Greece. 
	The tale was intriguing. The scribe was supposed to warn Egypt about the dangers of obsession with the heavens. He instead seemed to have instigated it. The land of ancient Egypt saw a proliferation of monolithic tombs. Pharaohs preparing themselves to be dead while still alive. 		
	Dr. Creed tried to look back down at the scroll again as a scholar. He remembered the old saying, “Man fears time. Time fears pyramids.” The largest structures ever built, to outlast one civilization after another. How could a society invest so much on something that served no purpose? He heard the scholarly arguments. There was religious belief in an afterlife where one's earthly possessions followed. You could take it with you. There was a need to project power. The bigger your pyramid, the more a pharaoh seemed in charge. There was the eating of surplus labor. The “need” for a massive project justified keeping a hierarchal society that used slave labor. 
	Now there was this scroll. Crudely interpreted, the pyramids were made to acquire sex and alcohol. Which seemed the more likely scenario? Dr. Creed looked at his alcohol drawer. His head still hurt though, so he left his office for the water cooler. He drank several times. He'd hoped it might soothe his headache. It didn't. Nor did it wake him up. He just wasn't thirsty anymore. 
	He looked down the two hallways that intersected at the water cooler. Both were lined with about 20 offices. He walked by them every day. There was no reason to suspect he was anywhere else but state college academia. But he still felt he'd wandered into a dream. He looked down both pathways and the coast seemed clear. He took a paper cup of water and threw it at his face. The liquid collided with his face to no effect, other than making it wet. A few bead of it splattered on the carpet, some sprinkled his collar. He didn't wake up.
	He went back to his office. Given the lack of volume, he thought no one was around. On the way to his office however, he ran into a graduate student teaching assistant. He didn't look at her and pretended there wasn't any water on his face. She didn't say anything so he imagined she hadn't noticed.  After she'd walked about ten feet he turned around. If she had a third leg or bat wings this might be a dream after all. When he looked all he saw was the backside of a female college student. She didn't turn around to gaze back at him. He was definitely in the real world. 
	He opened the door to his office and the scroll had disappeared. Leaving behind only a translation, much like the parchment. Dr. Creed drew in a deep breath and clenched teeth. He let the air pass out slowly his teeth. What was the end of the tale? He rummaged around his office again, and again told himself he couldn't find something that wasn't there. Obviously the pharaohs stopped building pyramids. Obviously, the scribe's story had never made it into a document known to history. It was not hard to imagine the scribe's end. No matter how high the pharaohs built their pyramids, they never seemed to touch the sky. Some scribe in the lineage must have been discovered and cast out. Perhaps a pharaoh was slaughtered and a new one put in his place. That was the logical end. Though Dr. Creed wanted to see the scroll reach that end, and not snake into some other story. But, he figured, he'd never get the chance. 
	So he turned on his computer and typed his translations. Every so often he'd stop typing, hold up three fingers with his left hand and flick the light switch with his right. No matter how often he flipped the switch, he still saw three fingers. Then he'd look over at the translations. They contradicted everything the scholarly record had to say on the subject. At the same time, he had no reason to doubt the reality of the documents. They were written in the languages they should have been, in the physical form of writing they should have been, and without any anachronisms linguistically. The only reason to believe them wrong was other documents, written in those same languages on those same physical forms of writing. It was a quandary. Add to the quandary was that the documents, from to cultures far removed in space and time, seemed to tell the same story. 
	A story that would be believed by no one but him. Because they were told on documents he might never recover. The documents seemed to barge into his office with a will of their own and leave nothing behind. Except a business card. HADES. 

Road Trips and Hospital Beds

	Dr. Creed called for a nurse to give him a glass of water. He thought he heard a suppress groan from the nurse. He'd asked for water many times. He'd had a considerable fever, and reflexively turned to drinking water to cool himself down. It offered no relief. He wanted to take off his dressing gown and lie naked to cool off, but he suffered to wear a thin hospital gown. 
	It was flu season, but he'd never suffered a contagion quite like this before. He started getting inexplicably hot, but he had papers to grade, and neglected it. He had wanted to get everything done which involved teaching Greek so he could concentrate on his translations, on the business of history, and examining the riddle of HADES. In this rush he'd forgotten his health, and now he was stuck in the hospital with a dangerous fever, 102.3 by the nurse's last check up. Yet, for some reason, he lacked a sneeze, cough, or any other sign of an infectious disease. He was still waiting on test results. 
	He didn't know if he could recover for the television program, and if he did it would probably be used for this hospital stay and not a vacation. He hadn't been to Greece for six years. The stabbing pain in his chest and difficulty breathing might have been bearable if not for this, this endless stretch of nothing to do but lie around and be burning like a boiler plate.  
	In his delirium he still remembered finding to his dismay that he'd lost all the notes, sources, and writings he'd done regarding Solon. It was difficult to consider his theses at the current moment, but he felt their absence much as he did his unrelenting fever. Who and what had been out of his office kept recurring to him, but only in lapses between the heat. 
 	He wanted to reconstruct his work once his fever calmed, but his sister the only family member in proximity) had refused to bring him any academic material saying he needed time to rest his mind.
	But before he made his way to the ER, stashed away a few books that in his fevered state he had thought to bring: One Hundred Years of Solitude, an untranslated copy of Medea, Europe on $5/day, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Edith Hamilton's Mythology. This was supplemented by a copy of US Today, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, and the November issue of Penny Press' Variety Puzzles, purchased from the hospital gift shop. There was a television, but he generally didn't watch television. 
	He glanced through the USA Today. He hoped for news of happenings in Minnesota, or at least somewhere in the North, regarding severe winter weather that would cool him down just by reading it. The Great Lakes region was in for a blizzard, which like his illness he had neglected to prepare for. 
	As he continued reading, he noted an opinion piece on public education that said nothing new and an article over the bail outs in Greece which he read with interest. He wanted to see the country after the world financial crisis but the chance missed year after year. Greece throughout history was more notable for its ability to inspire than its ability to govern. 
	It would be a place of social unrest, true, but this bred in him only caution and not intimidation. He'd been in places with a lot less order than the United States. You learned to carry phrase books for half a dozen languages, to note landmarks, to keep money inside your clothing, and to use water and electricity at every opportunity, because you didn't know if you'd have them later. If rioting might be involved, you didn't gather in the town square. Having to deal with all this alertness seem to terrify the rest of his family, that was always relieved to hear he'd canceled plans again as if he'd been saved from death.
	Dr. Creed let his copy of the newspaper slide out of his hands and drop by the bed. At some point he'd call the nurse for more water and she'd pick it up along with picking up a book from his bag—whatever he could read without strain for hours. He went to his copy of the Star Tribune. It too, held little of note. He supposed, this was the point, not to strain his mind with anything interesting. But something strange began to happen with the paper. Flecks of red seemed to flash through the paper, as though the fibers were changing from dull grey to crimson red. He'd look at an article and swore he could see liquid on it, almost as if the paper, like himself was sweating with fever. 
	He didn't think himself so ill as to be delirious. He opened up his puzzle book to see if the paper was changing in the same manner. It wasn't. He strained his eyes to see if the fibers were actually still wet with red ink. Then he had a coughing fit onto the front page and decided it didn't matter. He would just flip through the pages to see where if he could find any stains. In the final page, the opinion section, he found the following blurb:

	Freedom of religion is a commandment from God whose sanctity cannot be trampled upon. The murder of a child is murder. It does not matter if tht child is elected. That child has a right to take up the call to office, and we must respect that right and put that child in office. 

located in what appeared to be an article defending a number of anti-abortion laws passed throughout the country. The rest of the article then proceeded as though nothing happened. There were no other pages like this. Dr. Creed folded the paper up neatly, tried to bundle it up as it came, except for discarding the front cover. Then he opened it up again, going back to the offending blurb. Unlike his mysterious documents, it was still there. He didn't know what to think. He called a nurse for water  and occupied his mind on word puzzles. He asked for his copy of a Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to be adjusted a bit so he could read better.
	The book read a little differently this time around. The earth is about to be destroyed. Ford Prefect comes to save his friend Arthur Dent by hitching a ride on the spaceship that came to destroy it.  Human kind is oblivious. The only species aware of the coming destruction are the interdimensional beings that present themselves as mice, and dolphins, who leave earth in mass with the response “So long, and thanks for all the fish.” 
	“So long, and thanks for all the frustration,” Dr. Creed uttered, and then let himself curl into this fantasy of interstellar travel. Without a roommate or anyone else to occupy him, he lost track of time until dinner, around five o' clock. Without a pair of hands to keep a book open, he decided to turn on the 5 o'clock news. 
	The story to plaster the news for the rest of the hour was the story of a rollover of diesel truck carrying liquid nitrogen, that had overturned on Highway 52, freezing the roads and causing a multicar pile up. Snow would pick up the next day or two and it was urgent to clear the wreckage. The truck driver had been reported to have been admitted to the same hospital. Perhaps the driver might still have some liquid nitrogen stashed away, though once Dr. Creed had the strength to go find said trucker, his fever would likely be over. Then there was the issue of finding the fellow, though he imagined he'd simply have to follow the reporters. 

*	*	*

	Dr. Creed found himself amongst a crowd of robed figures shouting. They carried torches and were moving in so many directions it was difficult to tell what all the agitation was about. A white robed figure thrust at him from behind so that he want sprawling. Looking up it was impossible to tell who was responsible. But the figures began to take on a pattern of two concentric circles. Every so often two members of the circles interchanged. The effect was a strange circular wall such that the inside could not be seen. The sky was dark and the movement of torches was disorienting.
	A man began speaking Latin, and the torchbearers repeated his pronouncements. After sensing a  hole in their pattern he barged his way through to see three women, naked, tied to poles. Amongst them was a pile of manuscripts, presumably heretical. 
	The Latin slowly grew more and more difficult to hear, turning from sonorous to guttural. Looking over at the figure making pronouncements it was now the head of a jackal. Disgusted at this barbaric sacrifice he ran to remove the manuscripts that would serve as kindle. The women began to screech, and he felt a terrible fear that he did not think to untie them first. 
	He turned to look at the figure making the pronouncements and saw his own face. The figure untied the women, and the circle but all the manuscripts under just one pole, to which his body was tied. In terror he tried to prepare himself to be scorched, shuttered, and awoke in a cold sweat. He had not been asleep long, and his fever seemed more unbearable than before. 
	He looked over to his left. The nurses were bringing in a man with a jangled system of casts and splints. There were some obvious broken bones, though for where he lay it was difficult to tell which ones, just that there were many. The nurse was setting up an IV and the man wasn't saying much of anything. But given that his fever hadn't gone down it looked like this was his new roommate. 
	He was still too shaken from his dream to take much note. He was still terrified. He'd been put to some deadly test and deemed a failure. This weighed greatly on his anxiety, even in the state he was in. He asked the nurses moving his roommate for a bedpan and some water. He had been hooked up to an IV but he was still burning up and hoping to cool. He didn't even look over or get up before urinating. His thoughts were too strained for such considerations. He just sat and waited for his roommate to get settled before asking a nurse to dispose of his waste. 
	He tried going to sleep, but he wasn't quite sure he was successful. He at least remembered being startled by a clamor from his roommate.
	“I said no reporters!” he exclaimed. “I'm not giving them an update. Tell them you haven't changed the status of my condition and ask them to leave.”
	Dr. Creed didn't really look up to confirm what was going on. An angry man being badgered by the press, an overturned truck on the highway—it was probably the driver. 
	“Vultures!” he proclaimed. “No respect for privacy. I'm just another headline.” He seemed to be talking to a wall, probably because he couldn't move his head. “How do I make them go away?”
	“Give them a history lesson,” Dr. Creed offered. It was about the best humor he could muster.
	It elicited riotous laugh from the trucker. “Great I've got a funny man for a roommate. My bones will never set. With that attention span of theirs it just might work. And I can go on about history, believe me.”
	“Oh?”
	“A genuine Civil War buff. Hitchhiked from site to site. Done a little reenactment too, but not really my thing. Had to put a break on it when I knocked up a wife.”
	“So... now you've gotta get paid to stay on the road.”
	“Yeah. That's the brakes. Don't even know how well that's going to turn out. Every damn reporter is another job offer turned down, ya know?”
	“So what did happen, if you don't mind me asking?” 
	“If you can keep your trap shut I might just tell you. Not that you'd believe me.”
	“I'd believe anything.”
	“People would call that stupid.”
	“But not you?” 
	“The transmission... it... well, changing gears in a rig ain't the same as a car and... I went to shift gears and something just stuck. I look down to see this red goop not letting me shift gears. I look down to see what the hell's the matter and the truck just jack-knifes and sends me sprawling. I've driven a rig for 26 years and I ain't never seen a liquid like this.”
	“Hmm... red liquid...”
	“You ok there?” the driver asked in concern.
	“They don't know what's wrong with me yet. Some kind of internal infection I think. They've got me on antibiotics. So, you know a lot about history, or just Civil War history?”
	“Just Civil War really. I feel asleep in my own history classes. But the Civil War, that's different. It's something I can put my hands on. There's memorials all over the country. There's people's great granddaddy that fought. They've got live replicas in museums. Ain't just some paragraphs in a book.”
	“Yeah, it's like that in Greece. I know Greek history, and I've visited. There's history everywhere.”
	“Yeah, yeah exactly. I done hitchhiked everywhere I can imagine and there's still places I haven't seen. You know that time... it's the only time people couldn't work out their differences through democracy. Where people fought for something.
	“I come from the South so...”
	“The losers always remember the war longer than the winners?” Dr. Creed interrupted, not knowing why. 
	“You could say it that way and it twouldn't be wrong. My great granddaddy's farm got burned in General Sherman's march to the sea. So yeah the South, we remember. But it was the American crisis. That's what those damned fools don't understand. You wanna fly the Confederate flag and they say it's just plain racist. I don't fly the flag, because I think it divides people. We oughtn't have another Civil War, you know what I mean? It was brutal. Brother against brother.”
	“Well there was no way to stop succession other than to destroy the other army. You lose one battle you can just retreat five miles and set up fort again.” Dr. Creed responded though it had been a long while since he'd read much on the topic.
	“That's right, that's right. They didn't get General Lee out of Virginia until the very end. The battles came from every direction. The Yanks took control of the Mississippi, and split the Confederates that way. But they never drove forces out of Texas. It was the whole country fighting, state by state.
	“The only time the country was truly lost. Is there gonna be freedom, or can we have slavery too? You can't have both now can ya? But when they answered the question, the factories in the North were prosperous, and the farms in the South were destroyed. So it's a touchy subject, ya know what I mean?”
	“Yeah. When I get my strength up. Let me tell you about the Greek civil war.”
	“Whoa, I kind of spouted my mouth of huh? Usually people moan and groan before I get finished talking.”
	“Yeah, well... say, where were you taking your truck?”
	“Party supplies. Old factory, you can generally tell by the kinds of rust in the less visible areas.”
	“Why would a party supplier need liquid nitrogen? I guess I could expect dry ice, but not something so hazardous.”
	“I've been driving hazardous waste trucks seven years, I don't want to tell you all the places I ended up. The only I check on nowadays is the facility. Rust, wear, and the like. Want my hazardous waste to be stored in my rig properly, know what I mean. But yeah, I thought it was a strange deal. Not the strangest I've seen but definitely odd.”
	“What's the strangest you've seen?”
	“Let's not talk about that.”
	“Horrific?”
	“I couldn't tell you.”
	“Oh. That kind of strange.”
	“Yeah.” 

*	*	*

	“Well, Dr. Creed,” the doctor looked over him, “your's is a most perplexing case. You're running a fever, have an elevated white blood cell count, and body wide inflammation. Your body is fighting something that's not responding to anti-biotics. The tests came back and we still can't locate the source of infection. But... you're in remarkable health for someone running your level of fever. I've never seen anything like it.”
	“Am I going to get better? I've barely slept for four days.”
	“You've remained pretty stable in your condition. I'd like to run a few more tests. There's a few more things to rule it.”
	“Fine. More tests. I'm not going anywhere.”
	“Mysterious illness just not leaving?” Dr. Creed's roommate asked.
	“No.”
	“Can't even figure out what it is?”
	“No.”
	“Well, the good Lord has His reasons for things, even if we can't fathom them at times. You need rest from something.”
	“Um, it's complicated.”
	“My bones won't set for two weeks.”
	“Well... I'm a Greek professor. I know the language and the history. I've looked over the earliest texts in the Greek world. There's some writings that are older, but in my field of study they just stop. There's no way of knowing what went on before. At least, there's no language to record human thought. Does that bother you? Not knowing your origin?”
	“I know my origin. Adam and Eve.”
	“Yes...” Dr. Creed hadn't been prepared for that response. He was silent for a while. He didn't know if he had it in him to have a religious debate while internally cooking. 
	“Well?”
	At least he asked. “How long were Adam and Eve in the garden being cast out?”
	“I don't know. Doesn't the bible say?”
	“I'm more knowledgeable about the New Testament. But I don't think it does. They could have been there five billion years, and that would be quite the different story than three days.”
	“Well, what would it matter?”
	“How long might it have taken the snake to trick Eve? It must have observed her first, no? Else how would it know what to argue? To tempt you have to know how to corrupt your target.”
	“So the story doesn't give an indication of how prone we are to temptation. Does that bother you?”
	“No. Ugghhh.... this fever doesn't go away.”
	“Well don't strain yourself.”

	“No I'm fine. Ok, history tells us the gospels were written forty year's after Jesus' death.”
	“That's skipping around a bit, but true.”
	“But Christianity is always trying to get to 'Jesus' teaching' or 'Christ's message'. You always lose something when you pass down a text. As a Christian doesn't it bother you not to have the direct words of Jesus?”
	“You know you're not the first to make that point. I've heard a lot of people say that over the years. I just have faith that what needed to be passed down was written down. You gotta have faith.”
	“What if you don't have faith?”
	“I don't know what to tell you, other than I hope you find the Lord.”
	“But I mean this is time before Christ, outside the lands of the Bible, you can't work with faith. You have to have documents.”
	“Ok, I can see that. And there's only so far back the documents go, and so only so far back we can know history? Why's that bother you? There's plenty of history right here in the states.”
	“Well imagine studying the civil war if there was a surviving copy of the Constitution.”
	“That'd be different.” 
	“Well, that's what you work with in Greek history. There are texts you know existed because they're mentioned in stuff that survived, and all you would need to do is find that one copy, hidden in the bowels of the earth and your whole conceptions of things would change.”
	“You think you're going to actually find these documents? They're B.C. after all.” 
	“Well what if I did find them, and couldn't prove it?”
	“Well, I guess you'll be dismissed by the same kind of people that don't believe the Bible because it wasn't written by Jesus.”
	“You've got a point.”

*	*	*

	“So this uh... Greek civil war, what was it like?”
	“The Pelopenesian War... the great battle of the ancients. A nation of warriors, the Spartans, apower of agricultural wealth and slave labor.” 
	“The South.” 
	“Against Athens, the rising naval power and center of inquiry.”
	“The North.”
	“There were similiarities. But the power balance was more evenly matched and so it was longer.”
	“And without guns.”
	“Yes...” Dr. Creed replied, paniting a bit. The fever seemed on the increase. But rules of engagement were often the same.”
	“How so?”
	“Well...” Dr. Creed trailed off. “”Do you smell that?”
	“Smell what?”
	“Corpses...”
	“Dr. Creed.”
	“As brutal as battle gets, the death comes from disease.”
	“Large group. Small space.”
	“Precisely.”
	“Sparta had Athens and a plague broke out.”
	“What kind of plague?”
	“Water.”
	“Nurse! Nurse! We need some water.”
	“The Plague of Athens. It was an internal fever that no water could cool. People...”
	“Like the fever you've got?”
	“Like the fever...” Dr. Creed felt his vision growing red. First in circles around the center. Then the center. Then nothing.
	He opneed his eyes to find himself a top a dirty rag. A haggard woman was giving him water slwly, with an aged wooden spoon.
	“Drink,” he heard and flinched. He recognized the word, but it wasn't English.
	“You must drink. The sickness won't last. The gods cannot accost Athena forever.”
	“Where am I?”
	“Your aunt's. The temple is not far away, but I think you oughtn't go inside. Too many sick.”
	“The temple? What temple?”
	“Athena's temple. You're in Athens. You remember that?”
	“More water.” Dr. Creed asked, dodging the issue. This wasn't what he had in mind when he wanted to return to Greece.”
	The woman spooned a little more.
	“There's not much. Fortunes have been ruined for water.”
	“Need water.” Dr. Creed somehow scrambled to his feet, delirious. He wanted immersio nin water, even if he drowned.
	“You need your rest nephew!” the woman exclaimed.
	Dr. Creed lumbered over a circle of people surrounding a well, unable to focus on anything else. He restrained himself from jumping into the well but without seming control he seized a bucket to tip and coat himself with glistening water. But there was no water. A red sludge deluged him, seeming to seep in his skin and choke him. He gasped for air and woke up. 
	He was back in his hospital bed. The injured trucker was gone and the heat less oppressive. He looked around and noticed he was in a different room and everything was completely silent. No subdued steps of the nurses. No occasional roommate conversation wafting down the halls.
	He looked up and over, and the IV with antibiotics remained and his eyes trailed down the tubing until he saw where it entered his arm, which he hadn't noticed until he saw it. 
	He again pushed a button to call a nurse. He looked around his room again and it seemed to be nothing but white cotton and clear plastic. Not a hue of cloor remained though a veteran television did remain mounted seven feet above the ground, or few feet past the edge of his bed, thouh it caught the light as if plastic wrapped.
	The nurse took considerable time to arrive, and appeared as if dressed for surgery, hair in cap, mask, disposable glass and gown.
	“Where am I?”
	“You're in the isolation ward. I'm glad you've come to. I've never come across such a high fever. None of the doctors here have either. You didn't respond to antibiotics it seems. You must have a virus.”
	“What kind of virus?”
	“We don't know. Given the height of the fever we checked other hospitals to see if others displayed your symptoms. Checked the CDC as well. The doctors going to want to ask you some questions. You might be asked a lot of questions, so think about this. Have you done any international travel? Perhaps consumed an unusual imported good? Or just come across something for another country?”
	“Not really. I drink imported Greek wine, but I've consumed it many times before without illness.”
	“Is there anything else?”
	“There isn't anything in Hades I can think of,” Dr. Creed turned his head and looked into his eyes, looking for some glimmer of understanding.”
	“I've some forms that might dash your memory, and some paper and pen for journaling. Just write what's happened to you the few days before you got to the hospital. It may come to you. I shall tell the doctor you're awake.”
	Dr. Creed sensed there was nothing he could do to explain the things that might have ailed him. He had the distinct impression his ordeal didn't start from the consumption of imported spinach. But he didn't see the harm in letting the doctor rule out suspicion given what little else he had to do.
	“Maybe if I had a newspaper.” Dr Creed added, as if in afterthought.
	“I would see how that might help.” In a minute and a half there was a newspaper in his bed. The headline for that paper was the pile up, the nitrogen truck overturning, the truck driver having been in the hospital in critical condition.
	It confirmed the trucker's story with only minor inconsistencies with just one problem. It was today's paper.
	After reading the article he called the nurse.
	“Yes?” he asked, “You remember anything?”
	“This accident in the front headlines. Didn't it happen a few days ago?”
	“No. This was last night.”
	“Because I remember having this trucker as a roommate for a few days. He was admitted to the hospital.”
	“I can't really talk about other patients. But you've been in isolation. The trucker may have needed procedures. Sterile procedures. We wouldn't put you two in the same room.
	“I remember him quite distinctly..”
	“You haven't been in full control of your senses. Perhaps it was a dream?”
	“Perhaps. If I read anything else unusual can I call and talk to you about it?”
	“The night shift can be slow some nights. Just don't call me frivolously. I have to sterilize for every visit. It's a pain.”
	“Understood.” Dr. Creed responded. It seemed now there were two realities going on for him at once. In one reality he was an overworked academic suffering an unusual illness most likely brought on by the weather and exhaustion. In another ancient texts appeared from nowhere, he could talk to people he'd never met, have viruses of the past, and kept encountering some strange red stickiness.
	Perhaps this new world might be an interesting change of pace, except it didn't seem he could keep them separate, or know which one he faced at any given time. He wondered if there might be some strick, the way people identify that they're dreaming.
	He wondered what those tricks might be but by then the doctor had come to interivew him. She talked with him at some length about the previous few weeks. Trying to consider what might have made him sick. It seemed like he had some sort of swine flu or entirely new disease, because no doctor he'd met had ever been so probing. He tried to give her as many mundane riddles to her as he could, because he was convinced the sickness was related to the ancient texts. Texts that shouldn't exist and which he could never pin the illness on.
	“Alright,” she finally said in impatience. “I'll put this as simple as possible. I feel like you are hiding something. This is strictly confidential. What you say won't be held against you unless you're an imminent threat to yourself or others. Drugs?”
	“No. Look, maybe my University was doing some medical research. I come into contact with a lot of students.”
	“None of whom are sick. The hospital contacted the university.”
	“Maybe it's a study you're not supposed to know about.”
	“Military bioweapons research in a state university? I think not doctor.”
	“What do you want from me?”
	“The truth.”
	“I've told you everything I know.”
	“Well, you're going to be quarantined, perhaps for a while. If you happen to think of anything, take this.” It was a small device with a single red button. “You contact me directly.”
	“Thank you Dr. ...”
	“Reyes.”
	“Thank you.”


Road Trip in Red


	Dr. Creed had spent the last few nights alone in his office. He thought he'd been anxious to see people after leaving the hospital, possibly to get out and about. But instead he found it more pleasing to put his office in order. He put his spring semester lesson in order, started to track down the citations and journal entries of his old research. This had done him a world of good against his conscious expectations.
	Sometime on a Thursday evening two weeks before class, his reorganized home was disrupted by an unknown caller.
	“Is this Jonathon Creed?” the man asked brisquely.
	“You stay in the hospital with that injured trucker, yes?”
	“How did you know?”
	“He wouldn't talk to the press. So I thought maybe he said a few things to his roommate.”
	“Such as?”
	“The location of the wreck.”
	“You can't find it?”
	“I followed the police reports. There's no sign of wreckage at the location they gave.”
	“Everything is completely cleared?”
	“Well, I'm sure they haven't removed all traces of the accident. But how to find it, without any obvious marking?”
	“A liquid nitrogen truck didn't leave a physical sign on the highway?”
	“I checked. Three times.”
	“The guy mentioned seeing a billboard for a museum of some sort. A munitions factory for the civil war.”
	“That doesn't make any sense. What would one of those be doing in Minnesota?”
	“Any museums you noticed along the highway?”
	“A print maker's museum, now that you mention it. Uh look, I'm going to check out the billboard. Would you like to come with?”
	“I haven't met you.”
	“You don't have to come if you don't want to. You may have plans I understand, and time is of the essence for me. I'm at a Starbucks about ten minutes from your house. I'll be leaving soon. I just want an extra set of eyes on the project.”
	“Why?”
	“Have you found nothing odd in this incident?”
	“Well I uh...”
	“I need a second opinion.”
	“I have a little time to spare. You at the Starbucks eight miles east, near highway 52?”
	“That's the one.”
	“Ok then, I have a few things to clear up.”
	Dr. Creed barrelled through the roads to the coffee shop. Perhaps incident number five would be a definitive break. Amongst the documents he wasn't supposed to have, the HADES card left in his office, the illness from an ancient past, and a trucker he had never talked to... there was a lot of explanations to go around. 
	The doctor left his house without as much as a glare in the mirror, his thoughts trying to outrace his vehicle. A screeching blare brought him back to attention after he'd run a red light. Much as he wasn't sure about this new stranger, they'd be taking his car. Two near collision and another new screw up in eght minutes had left him the impression that he might have been driving drunk. In any case, he didn't feel completely in the world.
	Walking into the coffee shop he felt he knew exactly the man to talk to. The man sat in a collared shirt tapping away at a laptop Of Mediterrean extraction of some sort, he he imagined him an Arab. He maintained a well trimmed beard that suggested the explsion of beard he could have grown.
	As Dr. Creed approached him he fiddled over a smart phone and almost spilled a latte when he noticed how quickly he was being approached.
	“Jonathon Creed?” he asked.
	“Yes.”
	“You recognized me?”
	“I guessed.”
	“Ali Johnson. What gave me away? I pride myself on my purely Midwestern accent.”
	“If you weren't unusual in some way I'd have been surprised. The way things are. May I sit?”
	“Yes of course. The way things are?” Ali asked.
	“Oh enough with the facade. You know what I'm talking about.”
	“The Emergence,” Ali responded, though Dr. Creed wasn't quite sure what he was talking about. He just figured Ali knew somehow.
	“Yes, the Emergence. What do you know about it?”
	“Not much really. It's tightly under wraps. There's only a little I do know. But as a journalist I'm dead certain I'm on to something. To many little details don't make sense. Like the discrepancy between police reports and hospital records regarding the truck driver on that accident on the highway. Along with the discrepancy of records regarding your own stay in the hospital.”
	“My stay?”
	“In one record you have inflamation of the lungs and associated fever. In another you have a highly infectious strain of some “typhus -like” fever and are placed under isolation.”
	“How could that... wait how did you find those records? Aren't they confidential?”
	“The hospital sewer's been compromised. A tip off from some hacker friends.”
	“Sewer's been compromised?”
	“Oh, sorry, computer lingo. Sewer, the computer architecture behind the computer network, the plumbing, where information is...”
	“I get it. Why the hospital.”
	“They called it a 'depository'. Didn't know what that meant. Didn't know what an 'emergence' was either. But they've been decent sources before.”
	“Sources for what?”
	“Wouldn't tell you. Yours just isn't the first mysterious illness I've come across. You want to go to the billboard?”
	“Certainly.”
	Ali dropped a tip and the pair went out to Ali's Toyota and they took off.
	“You a general journalist, or do you specialize in medicine?”
	“I don't specialize in anything,” Ali proclaimed proudly.
	“Why not?”
	“What do you do by trade?”
	“I'm a Greek professor.”
	“History, language or both?”
	“Both.”
	“And if you had unlimited funds, how would you teach your students?”
	“I'd take them to Greece.”
	“But you can't do that now can you?”
	“I haven't been able to in a while.”
	“Because a specialist becomes a cog in the machine. Useful, yes. Able to pursue their interest, yes. But able to alter the course of their life... no.”
	“It's been six years since I've been to Greece.” Dr. Creed sighed. “And my papers get rejected again and again.”
	“Why is that?”
	“Lack of evidence.”
	“That's turned down many an intriguing story. But I've a method that often gets that done.”
	“What's that?”
	“Break the rules of evidence gathering.”
	“It might work in journalism. You can keep sources anonymous. Everything has to be laid out in a scholarly journal.”
	“So then publish outside academia.”
	“Hmm... wait a minute. The sign, the print museum.” Dr. Creed pointed and Ali pulled the car over.
	“You see signs of damage any where?” Ali asked.
	“No,” Dr. Creed, walking toward the sign, answered.
	“Maybe a dead end. We could try the print factory huh?”
	The was no response.
	“Hey Jonny, the print making factory?”
	Dr. Creed walked up to the sign and saw a dark red puddle. It trailed inexorably towards the sign.
	“Ali! Check this out!” he yelled.
	It was a thick red muck running up the corroded metal pole like a long open wound, as flesh ripped by a blade. It was the same color of the well water he had seen in his vision.
	Ali came over and looked. “What is that?” he asked. “Paint? Blood?”
	“They would have dried.”
	“Dyed maple syrup?”
	“From where? You think someone climbed thirty feet last night with maple syrup at the exact spot we're looking for?”
	“It's a bit of a jump.”
	“Dr. Creed looked up to see some slight paper falling through the breezeless air. He held out his hand to reach for it, but it simply fell straight into his hand. 
	Ali looked over and gasped at the content of his partner's hand. Dr. Creed looked over, surprised at his alarm. Then he looked at his hands and saw a business card that read HADES.
	He looked back over to Ali and said, “You've seen one of these before, haven't you Ali?”
	“No,” he answered breathlessly.”
	“But you know what it is?”
	“It's a ticket isn't it. It just says HADES.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“I've heard rumors about these things...”
	“What does that mean?”
	“But I never expected...”
	“What does that mean!”
	“It's a theatre that shows films from the land of the dead. Hades.”
	“Why should it be here?”
	“It felll into your hands good doctor. It's for you.”
	“Why should I be given such a thing?”
	“You almost died.”
	“True.”
	“What have you heard about this theatre?”
	“I've heard some things mentioned in chat rooms. Nothing escapes the land of the dead.”
	“Why would they want to show me a film?”
	“I don't know. I wouldn't turn the offer down.”
	“Are you serious?”
	“Of course I'm serious. Don't you want to know?”
	“I don't know if I want to know.”
	“But would you prefer not to know?”
	“Then what are you going to do?”
	“Well I guess I have to find the Theatre first aren't I?”
	“What about the red stuff?” Creed asked.
	“Oh yeah. It's not blood or paint. Somebody may have climbed the sign to dump it but that doesn't give us a clue as to what it is. It must be synthetic. Maybe toxic.”
	“And it's not frozen, even in this weather.”
	“Some kind of anti-freeze mixture maybe? Some solution of engine fluids?”
	“There's no smell.”
	“Well, maybe we could get some coins, see how it interacts with metal?”
	“No,” Creed declared with a certain recognition. “Paper, a newspaper. That newspaper you were reading at Starbucks.”
	“It's in the car.”
	“Get it.”
	Ali nodded, and dashed back to the car. He came back with the newspaper, panting.”
	“You know something I don't?” he asked.
	“We'll see,” He tore off a page. As soon as the paper hit the red ooze the ink slowly dissolved, as though bleached seeped through the paper. The color of the paper itself remained unchanged.
	“Son of a bitch.” Ali exclaimed.
	“Some chemical in print manufacturing process?”
	“Yeah, and guess where a print museum just so happens to be?”
	“Excellent, well this trip was well worth it. You going to do a story on it?”
	“No, not yet. Story's too hot.”
	“Too hot?”
	“Yeah, as in we wait until the all the interesting stuff is discovered before we put out the byline.”
	“What if this stuff is dangerous?”
	“It's not going anywhere.”
	Dr. Creed took one look over to check this assertion. The newsprint was completely blank except for a small logo from the American Party Supply Institute. “You know what this is Ali?” he asked.
	“American... Party Supply Institute... Let's drive over to the factory. You can check on the phone.”
	“Can do,” Creed replied, picking up the newsprint and heading towards the car. “Is this the strangest thing you've ever seen?”
	“No. But if I ever find this Theatre of HADES that will take the cake.”
	“What do you think happens after you die?”
	“There is no God but Allah,” Ali replied, “and Mohammed is his prophet.”
	“Oh,”
	“Well you sound disappointed.”
	“No I'm not.”
	“It's not what I believe anymore.”
	“Oh. But you were raised Muslim.”
	“Yes.”
	“What changed your mind?”
	“Have you heard of a book called the Satanic Verses?”
	“Satanism?”
	“I don't know. I've never read it... though I heard people died over its publication.”
	“How?”
	“It's not hard to imagine how. The book has a premise. The premise is that the devil was allowed to insert a single verse into the Quran that wasn't true. One blemish on the direct word of God.”
	“That doesn't sound so compelling. Just one verse?”
	“But it is insidious. You don't know which one. Oh there are thousands of verses and the actual probability of finding it would be quite low. But you come across something in the Quran you don't like or don't understand and think, could this be the one? And when you ask yourself that question too many time well... there goes your faith. The idea is so very simple. I didn't even have to read the book. It isn't supposed to be possible to find an untruth in the Quran you're taught. But you find it all the same.”
	“That one thing you can't explain...”
	“You seem to know the experience.”
	“An anomaly appeared in my life really. I don't know what I would have done if it was the only one . But they keep showing up.”
	“Do they? I think it's the times. This day and age.”
	“We live in the age of information. How can anomaly stay secret for long?”
	“Point taken.”
	“What about you? Life after death?”
	“I don't seem to recall an answer from you on this point. But... sure, why not?”
	“Why not huh?”
	“No one knows how consciousness is created. How do we know how it is ended?”
	“We eat then get eaten. Such is the way of things. I'll worry about these things when I get older.”
	“I see. How much further to the print factory?”
	“A couple of miles, why?”
	“You suppose the Theatre of HADES is there?”
	“We will see. Strange...” Ali began, “we haven't encountered a single car.”
	“Ominous...” Creed replied, and sat in silence for the rest of the trip.
	The road and landscape were splattered by red spots which were occasionally impossible to avoid. They set the car a bit off course and made the sound of slurping mud. From time to time recent tire marks could be seen on the road, though never fresh enough to give the impression of habitation.
	There were no cars in the parking lot of the printing factory. Upon entering the car door the pair had their nostrils drenched with the smell of cherry caramel, burnt newspaper and bleach.
	Ali tucked his nose under his shirt and Creed did the same. They hopped over puddles of red that reflected only the slightest light, and carefully trudged up the stairs to the door appearing to be the entrance. The railing was dripping red. 
	Ali pulled the handle to the door only to have the door opened for him by a man bearing the red uniform of an usher.
	“Tickets please,” he replied.
	Creed pulled out the one he recently found and starting looking through his wallet for the second. 
	“You have a second one?” Ali asked.
	“Two tickets will not be necessary sir. I'm told the film is to have room for two. And a film only has a single ticket, from my experience.”
	“So there's another...”
	“Please hurry sir. Time is of the essence.”
	“Why should that be/” Creed insisted.
	“That which escapes the Land of the Dead rarely does so for long.”
	“Alright,” Dr. Creed answered. “It's your show.”
	“No,” the usher replied, “It's yours.”

Film 1: 
Ooze from the Confetti Factory

	Avery picked up the contraption Shawn had placed on his desk. He shook it, as instructed. An alternating croak and rattle came from the device.
	“Well?” Shawn asked. “Like nothing you've ever heard before?”
	“It sounds like a frog stuck in an engine.”
	“Well that's not how I'd call it but it's unique. Novel. That's what we're in the business for? Novelties? Wait until you see how little material went in...”
	“I can't sell this Shawn.”
	“What? You can sell anything.”
	“Ok, I won't sell this Shawn. It'd be too much energy. Stick to what works. Stick to the confetti business.”
	“I can't believe I'm hearing this. You don't want to try a new product?”
	“There are limits to what you can sell Shawn. You'd know that if you ever had to actually peddle on of your inventions.”
	“Ok...”
	“I don't mean to sound overly harsh.”
	“You know I'm no good as a salesman.”
	“I might have tried to sell that a few years ago. But things are different. We have the confetti factory now. And two dozen employees. The dozen employees without a wit of initiative in them. These days I don't wan't to ask what I can sell. I want to know what will sell. And a decapitated frog noise won't move.
	“Not that I don't value your talents. Your refinement of confetti manufacture has been an art. Twice the colors and half the cost eh? When are you going to get my stuff to glow in the dark, huh?”
	“Not at the price you're looking for. But I can go back to the drawing board I guess.”
	“You guess, Shawn? You guess?”
	“Confetti is boring. It just pops for a momentary thrill, then leaves a mess.”
	“The customers want that mess. You give it to them. So well that I'm thinking of expanding.” 
	“When were you going to tell me that?”
	“Oh I wouldn't expand the company without you. I just didn't want...”
	“Want what?”
	“To talk to you without a clear idea in mind.”
	“Wait what? You've always looked for my output.”
	“Yes but...”
	“But what?”
	“But you're not a salesman. You wouldn't get the salesy stuff.”
	“As if it's that complicated.”
	“You've never had an appreciation for the nuances. You don't understand your customer base. You hate parties yet you become an engineer for a confetti factory. This is still a toy store for you. Well it isn't for me.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“Well, I've been in contact with a financier named Lars. He has whole new methods, looking for a nimble company like ours to adopt it.”
	“Nimble? I've never heard that term from you. Why doesn't he go to a large supporter?”
	“Who says he didn't? He said a factory like ours would be perfect.”
	“For what?”
	“Check this out,” Avery pulled out a binder thicker then a shoe box. “A whole new inventory.”
	“New inventory?”
	“Words. He wants words on the confetti. You always complain about confetti being so much waste paper?”
	“So are we going into the fortune cookie business?”
	“No. Just remember what I said, know your customers? They want phrases on their confetti.”
	“What kind of phrases? Can I look at the binder?”
	“Hey, don't get too grabby Shawn.”
	“At least let me look in the binder. I'm your engineer. You can't sell a product you can't make.”
	“Here. Don't let your eyes linger. I don't have all day.”
	“Hmm... phrases.. 'it's simply un-American'? 'the American people deserve better'? 'Let's put it this way', 'But the numbers are misleading.' ”
	“I told you not to linger.”
	“This is what sells?”
	“Oh yes. 7 million.”
	“Gross?”
	“Net.”
	“Whoa. So what's the process? It must be technical. I'll go through it so we can consider his offer.”
	“No. I took the offer. I'm not turning down 52% of an offer like that. You're still in line for 21%. You in?”
	“I want to see the process.”
	“Who cares about the process?” Avery balked, “7 million.” 
	“I know. That's 1.4 million for me. But I want to see the printing process.”
	“You sure?”
	“Why are you so testy about the plans?”
	“Lars said my technical people might get skittish. You own 21%...”
	“Is that why you've been avoiding me? Give it here.”
	“Be careful, you'll break it.” Avery pulled the binder away.
	“That binder's solid as a truck and half the size.” He yanked an edge while Avery was trying to whisk it away. He yanked hard like a younger brother wanting his toy back. Avery did not expect such a jerk and conceded the plans. 
	“The steam freeze methods... wait, what the hell does the system need liquid nitrogen for?”
	“See. He told me to be careful with technicalities.”
	Shawn flipped to another page of the binder, and scanned through it, “Hmm... at STP this compound is a liquid. Under more frigid conditions... this is bold.”
	“They'll be putting in the system over the next few weeks. I want to keep you as plant engineer, so study these plans and make sure you can understand them.”
	“And know what to do if there's a short, a fire, a spill.”
	“Yeah, that too. Shawn... here's to a lot of money.”


*	*	*

	“Avery, my partner, you've no doubt began preparations for expansion.” Lars stated, seating himself in front of his desk. You'll need to lure more personnel of course. I've brought my associate Ms. Whitmore to discuss business. Karen, why don't you sit?”
	Karen obliged, and as her body came directly into view he could see she was voluptous. But there was a chill in her demeanor that gave an imperiousness to her movements. Her eyes were cold and distant.
	“You're going to have to hire a great deal of people, and fire a few.”
	“Why should I fire someone when expanding? I mean I work with idiots but this is factory labor.”
	“You work with idiots?” Karen bemused. The phrase had more power in her voice than his.
	“Well, Lars brought you on as a hiring consultant?”
	“I'm an organizational psychologist. I advise companies on how to make the most of their employees.”
	“Then advise me,” Avery responded, more defensively than intended.
	“There is one type of employee that you want to think, and the other where you don't. Or perhaps more precisely there are employees you don't want to think outside the attention they need to perform their tasks. The others you want thought, initiative, energy. To think outside the box, when necessary.”
	“I can never get those two sorted out.”
	“How are they paid? Wages, commission, salary, or company share?”
	“Wages mostly. My accountant has a salary. My engineer has a share.”
	“So you really only need your engineer.”
	“Well, Jessica, she had a share. We split the company three ways.”
	“She had her share?”
	“Yes.”
	“No ambition.”
	“Harsh way of looking at it. She didn't like making business decisions. Just wanted to keep the books and earn a salary. A family woman.”
	“I see. You have a good rapport. Give her a raise. You'll be making more.”
	“I'm sure that'll make her happy.”
	“What about your engineer?”
	“Shawn? He's just as lacking in business savvy as he ever has been, but he's still got a share. Sometimes he pulls through with a new method or invention. But he has little idea about what makes money.”
	“It's essentially he accepts the manufacturing process,” Lars insisted, taking Avery off guard. He leaned in closer, and looked him directly in the eye “even if he doesn't understand it.”
	“What if he doesn't?. He's a partner.”
	“Look Avery. I understand you have a history. But you've also got a 52% share,” Lars didn't hesitate to point out.
	“Look Lars,” Avery said in impatience and then looked at Lars. He wondered if he was being stared down. He readjusted his tie and continued, “Machines, chemicals, engineering, Shawn loves that kind of thing. He won't be a problem.”
	“Good. Oh and your factory could use a name change. 'Already Confetti' sounds like small time. Try the 'American Party Supply Institute.'
	“Gotta nice ring to it.”
	“I'll let you discuss more business with my associate. I'm off to a meeting.” Lars yawned.
	“So you were saying who I value, Karen?” Avery tried to pick up where the two had left off.
	“Many companies don't solidly identify their valuable employees, or have a firm grasp on how to let them work to their optimum.”
	“You know it's not like I don't think about these things. But managing people, well...”
	“There haven't been any attempts at unionizing, have there? That's most undesirable for a business. Your labor costs would skyrocket.”
	“I hadn't been thinking unions.”
	“It's good practice to keep an eye out on that. Agitate, Educate, Organize. It's effective.”
	“Agitate?”
	“Get folked riled enough to motivate, teach things could be different, make an organization for action.”
	“Oh.”
	“The whole method flounders if agitate is countered with apathy.”
	“Wait why are we going into anti-labor strategy? No one's tried to strike.”
	“You said you don't trust your workers.”
	“The motley bunch. Dumb and dumber.”
	“Then you have labor problems. Besides, you're going to be running a different kind of company once the process is set up.” 
	“Yes. The process. Want to make sure workers adjust to the process. Did Lars tell you what that would be?”
	“I'm not authorized to speak on that point Avery.”
	“Well... the kind of confetti that's really popular has print on it.”
	“Often produced by the employees themselves.”
	“Oh. I've yet to hear of this.”
	“That's because you're selling to small time clients.”
	“I...” Avery protested reflexively after 'small time'. “We deal with some big name distributions.”
	“No you don't. But you will. Now, the confetti, it will have print. Not more than 100 characters, shorter being better. A phrase is best.”
	“Like 'I love you' on candy hearts?”
	“Somewhat. Some of these phrases will be provided. But some of them must be employee provided.”
	“What? I can't give control of my product to the rank and file. That's for me and Shawn to discuss.”
	“If your product is produced by your employees than your employees are your product.”
	“I suppose. But most of it is dull factory work. People are here for the money. How do you suggest I change that?”
	“Well, it depends on what you print. Some buyers want political slogans, but that market's covered. Celebrities, that's locked down. Here,” Karen pulled out some dossiers and a few scattered spreadsheets. There are plenty of confetti themes.”
	Avery looked down the list, “Entertainment, Technology, Sports, Games, Politics, News, Personals, Music... hmm... Gambling?”
	“There are some untested processes in gambling.”
	“Untested? Sounds interesting. What am I looking at? Blackjack?”
	“We could have a dealer and attendant services.”
	“What?”
	“A black jack dealer can mean loads for a business. People can gamble away their wages.”
	“I... that's clever. There are some workers I wouldn't need to pay as much. Why let them lose money gambling on their own time? Might cause some problems with management though, employing gambling addicts.”
	“Not at all. I have a study...” Karen flipped through a dossier to a paper entitled, “The Psychology of Work Place Gambling.” Avery couldn't see it too well but guessed it was over twenty pages.”
	“I don't need that level of detail.”
	“Well, it has to do with the psychology of debt. People work harder and complain less when paying back a debt they think is their fault even if their debt was preplanned, as would be the case.”
	“Hmm... interesting, let's definitely go for a blackjack dealer. In the lunchroom?”
	“Yes, if that's were you'd like to put it.”
	“Yeah, that's where I'll put it. Hmm... what about this, music jukebox. It'd be snazzy to have one of those around.”
	“Ah... music. Music in the workplace. One of my favorite subjects.”
	“Oh?”
	“Yes,” Karen replied. “Few people have an appreciation for how sound affects their daily activities. Peace and quiet. The early risers and the night owls do their best work in it. But it can be an intensely nerve wracking experience. So what is the best course of action? Play music loud enough to hear, quiet enough to filter out. The brain doesn't sit still. So give it just enough external stimulus not to notice emptiness.”
	“So what does this have to do with business?”
	“The jukebox comes with about 400 pre-programmed songs. None is challenging or jarring in any way. They send out a subtle message. 'Mediocrity. Complacency.' and your workers will go comfortably numb.”
	“And do what I tell them for once?”
	“Yes.”
	“Done.”
	“How about college sports? I'm a big football fan.”
	“That field's locked at the pro level. But college, on the other hand, is so regional, so dispersed, such a heterogeneous fan base...”
	“So what's the package?”
	“College football in the lunch room. Teams few care about of course. Accomplishes the same effect.”
	“What about the teams I care about?”
	“You going to be eating in the lunch room?”
	“No.”
	“Record them in hi def at home.”
	“Point taken. Then employees just type short messages?”
	“There will be terminals. Messages can be print pretty much as soon as they're entered.”
	“Shouldn't I look at them first?”
	“No. It works better that way. Don't want your employees to think this is some way to monitor them.”
	“Point taken. Well, interested in seeing this contract.”
	“It will be long.”
	“Hmm... maybe I should hand it over to Jessica. She has an eye for that sort of thing.”

*	*	*

	“I don't know about this contract Avery,” Jessica looked down at the floor.
	“Will we be making money Jessica?”
	“Hand over fist.”
	“And we won't be selling our souls? Employing child labor from China, dumping nitric acid into a pristine water supply, defrauding...”
	“No, nothing like that. It's just that there are...”
	“What?”
	“It just doesn't feel right Avery.”
	“There you go. Like always. Playing the  reluctantly involved bookkeeper.”
	“I'm not reluctant.”
	“You sold your share. You don't own anything. Just the salary I give you. Why is that?”
	“I just like keeping the books tidy. I'm good at it. I didn't want to get involved in... company politics.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“You know... politics.”
	“I really don't know.”
	“Well, it doesn't really matter now, does it? Your share is 52%. So the position of CEO is always up to you now.”
	“Jessica Lamb. There is something you've been hiding from me all these years. If you've read things over and it's a good contract, I'll sign it.”
	“You don't have to sign it.”
	“What?”
	“The contract is for the chief financial officer. Lars was specific about that.”
	“Why would he cut me out?”
	“You'll have to read the contract.”
	“How long is it?”
	“157 pages.”
	“All legalese?”
	“Most of it,”
	“Count me out. Sign it.”
	“You sure?”
	“What are you hiding Jessica? Come on, I know you're a bit... reserved. We'll go out for a little drink...”
	“When I'm off work I'm going to my husband and kids. They'll be waiting on me.”
	“Some other time then?”
	“Do you want me to sign the contract?”
	“Yes, on one condition.”
	“What condition.”
	“That you accept a 5% share from me.”
	“It's been a long time since you didn't have a majority.”
	“Oh, it's not that much. Just consider it a bonus for the contract. I want you back on my team.”
	“But I've never left.”
	“I mean financially.”
	“Fine, I'll sign the contract.”
	“I don't know when you became the mysterious one. Back when we started, I could read you like an open book. What happened?”
	“Time, I guess.”
*	*	*

	“Avery, I've looked over the new process you're looking to implement.”
	“Oh really, Shawn? He tried to hide any hint of contempt, having been warned of objections.
	“The ingredient list. Hydrofluoric acid, liquid nitrogen, mercury fulminate, what the hell kind of product we making?”
	“You don't understand the reactions?”
	“They must have invented some new chemistry since I was a grad student. Or perhaps a different business model.”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“I think the chemistry's solid. It can produce seven times our current load.”
	“Then what's the problem?”
	“Our factory equipment. It wasn't designed for this kind of hazardous material.”
	“What's going to go wrong?”
	“I can't tell.”
	“You can't tell. You can't tell? Our profit goes up five times, 21% yours by the way, and you can't tell?”
	“The machines are ten years old. They should last another ten, but...”
	“But what?”
	“They've got a few duct tape and bubblegum fixes is all.”
	“Have they ever failed an inspection?”
	“No. But these chemicals are a level dangerous enough to...”
	“Are you not satisfied with the money?”
	“That's not it at all.”
	“Oh. How often are you out on the floor? Often?”
	“No. I mostly spend time in my workshop, making things you can't sell.”
	“Well, this will sell. You needn't worry after that. 7 million times 21%. You'll be able to make whatever you want. Anything.”
	“Well, if there's an industrial accident don't come crying to me.”
	“That's the spirit! Or at least part of it. We'll have to work on that.”
	“I think I'll be avoiding the lunchroom, if you don't mind?”
	“What's that supposed to mean?”
	“Nothing. Let's get to work.”

*	*	*

	Shawn scrubbed his hands vigorously trying to get off the new chemical smell off his hands. It failed, but he decided to go into Jessica Lamb's office nonetheless. 
	“Shawn Aaron!” she said in surprise. “I haven't seen you since...” she smiled “... the new deal.”
	“Well you know how it is. Everything has to be put together just so.”
	“Making preparations for the new baby?”
	“What baby? I'm single.”
	“Your engineering baby.”
	“Oh, right. That. Well you put something together with your own hands you can't help but invest some of yourself in it.”
	“Always the builder, Shawn Aaron.”
	“The whole set up is quite impressive … though I must say I can't understand our new customers.”
	“Just as well as you didn't understand the old customers... at least that's what Avery thinks.”
	“Who care what he thinks? He's just a boss, and he's not here. He's barely been around while I've been doing the retooling. The new printing method is really ingenious. Of course it has a great fifteen syllable scientific name. But we just call it the steam freeze method. It uses liquid nitrogen. You know like back in the day when I did my experiments on possible superconductors? Those were the days. And now they're back. Full industrial chemistry is back in my life.”
	“Like a puppy.”
	“What?”
	“Big name chemistry's gone in your life twelve years, and the moment it's back you jump up and wag your tail, like a puppy upon your coming home.”
	“You've always had a way of putting things.”
	“You're too simple. You make things too easy.”
	“I'm not.”
	“Yes you are.”
	“No I'm not.”
	“Then how do I always do it?”
	“Gremlins. In any case, I am impressed by the change.”
	“Who wouldn't be impressed? I'm running the books, handling the contracts.”
	“Handling the contracts? I know you do the books. But shouldn't Avery handle the contracts?”
	“Oh, ordinarily he does but things are a little different. Lars has been discussing new business with him frequently.”
	“New business?” Aren't we head long into a major workplace change over?”
	“Well, Lars said something about real estate.”
	“Real estate? Who does Avery think he is, a land speculator? Damn the money's good but it's not that good.”
	“I don't know. Said something about needing to keep his eye on the horizon. You're right though. I've read the contracts. As I said, impressive.”
	“What's in them?”
	“Oh I wouldn't want to bore you with the technical details.”
	“I like technical details.”
	“I...” Jessica looked into Shawn's eyes, “I don't want to discuss the contracts.”
	“Well, I can mind my business, so long as it's my business. There isn't anything that puts me in a bind?”
	“No.”
	“What about you?”
	“I... I'll be fine. I signed them after all. Besides I don't bear any financial risk. I don't own any shares.”
	“I've never understood why you stopped wanting in, but that is your comfort after all. What do you think about the music in the lunch room?”
	“I'm eating in the office from now on.”
	“Yeah, along with the televisions it makes me feel I'm in a sports bar. And the black jack. Where the hell did Avery come up with that? That dealer is going to have to be paid. Will that really catch on?”
	“I handle the books. He'll bring positive revenue.”
	“You want to be my spotter? Like the college days?”
	“Yeah, like you doubling down on rent?”
	“I won that round didn't I? I wouldn't do it these days of course.”
	“You damn near gave me a heart attack,” she replied, play punching him.
	“Maybe I'll go to Vegas with all the money coming in.”
	“I won't be your spotter.”
	“I wouldn't ask. You've got a family after all.”
	“I'd find myself an eager young mathematics student. Very attractive.”
	“Who, you?”
	“Yeah. I'm older, got a well paying job, can take her to fancy casinos...”
	“Yeah, you'll find a Vegas hotel, spend the night and wake up. No girl, no money.”
	“Oh come on Jessica.”
	“No clothes...”
	“She'd steal my clothes too?”
	“Oh yeah, and give them to her fiancee.” 
	“Jessica?”
	“You never had good taste in women Shawn Aaron.”
	“You always remind me of old times. But new times, that's what we have now. I'm building new things, not tossing around ideas to have Avery squash them.”
	“Always live up to your potential Shawn Aaron.'

*	*	*

	The confetti phrases came in large unlabeled wood crates that smelled of cedar and were lined with silica gel packets labeled 'Do Not Eat'. It seemed odd to Shawn that they not be delivered via computer when efficiency was the name of the game. The phrases were entered manually by a privately contracted employee, who Shawn imagined worked for Lars.
	When the man wasn't looking Shawn felt the urge to grab a few strips now and again. “Connect bad economy with Iran.” “Blame budget woes on welfare mothers.”, “Squelch links to real estate firm.” Shawn didn't quite understand what customers might want this kind of confetti, but they must have wanted it for some kind of political party.
	Others seemed innocuous. “50 years ago., We mourn the tragic loss.” “Today will always be the day we remember.”
	Then the related ones. “That album is a crime against humanity.” “That quarterback couldn't throw a ball to himself,” “I shouldn't have doubled down.” All of the phrases made no sense for party confetti. But if people wanted shreds of paper tossed about carelessly, it seemed perfectly legitimate to comply.
	Then came the process of making paper, which did not involve wood pulp. It was a fascinating synthetic process. It started with burning coal. From there came the carbon source for the paper. The fumes were separated from CO2, with great pressure, and advanced filters. The coal impurities in the smoke were separated one by one with steam to heat and liquid nitrogen to freeze. The differences in reaction to heat separated the impurities--some to interact and form various colors of ink.
	Purely synthetic paper, purely synthetic ink of 8 separate colors. With this ink it was enough for 512 colors. It was a masterpiece of engineering, and Shawn still had a notebook trying to map how everything got to its destination. In any case, it was a system he could experiment with for years and optimize... provided he got some feedback which was lacking at this point.
	The print process gave off the clicking of an author at a typewriter. The clicking was a heady, treble mix to the hissing of compressed gases and the twinkling of ice crystal chemicals. Someday, Shawn wondered if it might turn from an ear-scraping endeavor into a manner of gauging the system, like learning a new language-- impenetrable at first, but snowballing into place. At the end the confetti was separating by a highly adjustable matrix of boron carbide which would never dull though first it was treated with hydrofluoric acid to remove bits of glass that somehow arose during the process.
	That was a bit disturbing to Shawn. How glass might end up in the process. Silcion was the most abundant element in the earth's crust, but why the steam freeze process couldn't get rid of it he wasn't sure.
	In any case, after all was said and done the confetti also got put back in those boxes, again by people that were probably on Lars' payroll. They marked the boxes with symbols that did not correspond to an alphabet he could recognize from the internet, except that it contained a few Cyrillic characters here and there.
	Then the lunch room. The atmosphere overall was quite jovial. That management might provide free entertainment was greatly appreciated even if much of what was available could have been retrieved from a smart phone.
	The room was a bit irritating for a few employees and they subsequently refused to eat there. But the response was positive. The sports and music were irritating to Shawn, but he couldn't quite say no the the blackjack table. 
	It was an old obsession. Time and age kept him from gambling more than $20 at a time, but there had been times he'd paid rent via Atlantic City. At one point it had gone towards tuition. It was a great system for making a reasonable income, provided no one caught you counting cards. He'd had a lovely spotter named Jessica Lamb. 
	At some point in the university he'd discovered a cheap way to make bulk paper, and a student with deep enough pockets named Avery wanted to start a business. Thus Already Confetti was born.
	Was Avery behind this new development – adding the blackjack table on the side after this new setup, or had he simply been thoughtless? In any case, Shawn gambled a little for amusement as he was often exhausted by lunch hour. The American Party Supply Institute. It was a different company. 
	
*	*	*
	
	The first trouble in the American Party Supply Institute came from neither employees nor factory equipment. It came from the jukebox. It began swapping chorus lines from one song into another. At first this was noticeable to only a few employees. This was because the alterations started to appear in the same tone and tempo. 
	That the alterations should appear in such a fashion was confusing from a technical standpoint. Although the jukebox was most certainly a computer underneath a stylish shell, one would expect if songs became scrambled they should include bits of other songs. But this was not occurring. The chorus lines were clearly changing. 
	This, thought Shawn, should be a minor hook up. The jukebox was playing altered versions of songs. People would get used to the altered version, made even like it better, and go back to eating. But the alterations never repeated themselves, neither in words, timing of the song, or number or repetitions. It was particularly obnoxious to many. They could not filter out an unpredictable song, and were uneasy when left with their conversations interrupted and thoughts unfinished because they could no longer avoid the songs. They begged to be listened to.
	Shawn tried a mere unplugging of the machine, but it must have had batteries for that mitigated nothing. A call to Lars' company for assistance said the machine was not serviceable and the problem could only be fixed with a replacement. For Shawn this was the first sign that the new business contracts and methods had some subtle barbs, loopholes, and traps. Shawn found Avery at complete indifference, a simple “they'll get used to it.” 
	Shawn decided, against any possible warranty considerations, to open up the machine on his own time. The mish-mashes, after all, might be prerecorded. If so he figured he'd just see some standard electronics. But something else might be different, Shawn thought, and he wasn't one for letting equipment go bad, even if it was nonessential. 
	Shawn had had to bring in his own toolkit. The screws that held it together did not seem to be chosen by any logical choice he'd known. But after twenty minutes of jostling with specialized screwdrivers he finally got the damn thing open. 
	Nothing seemed out of place, though noticeably missing was any apparent power source that could explain why it continued to play unplugged. The system also seemed to be contaminated with red splotches of some thick red liquid. It was splattered all over the circuit boards. He couldn't think of where it might come from. But he carefully wiped it off with a static free cloth. Then he put the machine back together and plugged it back in. He might have checked it, but the jukebox played pretty uninteresting pop and he didn't have the time. He figured his employees would figure it out. They were the ones that noticed it in the first place. In the mean time he would try to figure out the mystery substance. 
	Shawn took the stained cloth and subjected it to a few basic tests. He subjected it to a small daubing of both hydrochloric acid and bleach, neither of which seemed to affect it. Steaming, freezing, drying, nothing seemed to produce any unusual behavior. At a loss he simply checked his pockets, and an old business card fell out. The cardboard was solid white, but what should have been crisp black letters looked like they'd been printed with sewer water. He might have brought it up to Avery, but he couldn't remember how long the card had been in his pocket. His gut told him something important was up. But he resounded to keep things quiet for the time being. Avery never listened unless Shawn could spell out his concerns in permanent marker across his office wall.

*	*	*

	You never can tell who you'll meet in an elevator, Avery muttered under his breath upon getting out onto the 23rd floor of the building where Lars worked. He didn't really know the name of the building, and if pressed he might botch the pronunciation of the company's name. It did seem peculiar. If he worked on the 23rd floor of anywhere he felt like he'd want to proclaim it to anyone and everyone. Lars seemed more muted in his position, but now he'd called Avery in for an impromptu business meeting for reasons he did not clearly explain. 
	Lars was always trying to sell him something, though not always on a monetary level. Sometimes he was trying to sell Avery on a method or an idea, trying to convince him it had promise, even if it didn't seem he was the intended customer. Avery chucked it up as a quirk or a habit of success. In any case, he always seemed to explain what he wanted up front. It was strange for him to propose a meeting in his office without much advance notice. 
	Avery hadn't the foggiest idea what was to happen in Lars' office. He somehow imagined a man with lion's heads mounted on the wall from African hunting safaris, authentic swords from the middle ages, and at least five female secretaries under the age of twenty five. But upon opening the door to Lars' office he didn't see that swagger. Everything was in order, and nothing looked cheap. The room had a sort of aura but he couldn't pin it down. But if he let his eyes flitter a bit about the room he couldn't help but noticed hints of brass, like an ancient coin. Lars offered him a cocktail.
	“Sit my friend,” Lars stated. His relation to Avery as a something other than a client was easily recognized. Avery took a slow sip. It was white wine of some kind. He didn't know if he liked the taste or not, nor could he deem if it was cheap or expensive. So he just said nothing.
	“My number crunchers have found a most interesting development in your factory this week. Your phrases on music are in high demand.”
	“I see.” Avery tried to act aloof. There was money to made somewhere, though the nature of the deal wasn't clear. “I just put the system in. You said yourself you needed a nimble company. Someone to embrace a new idea. Your new idea to be perfectly frank. So that particular brand of confetti is taking off?”
	“Well, it's hard to say if things are taking off. But the perception is that they're taking off, and in a big way, and we have to act fast while the perception is still there.”
	“Are you saying there's a problem with my product?”
	“No, no, no.” Lars chided him. “We're not talking about products here. We're talking about sales opportunities. Your music confetti has sold faster than I could have anticipated, and demand should continue. But when you've got a hot product, you've got to treat it like a hot product. You need to hedge against how much you're product is in demand because it's in demand, you understand? Say there'll its expected they'll be a power outage. People start buying batteries because they need them, but also because other people are buying them as well. Then the power outage doesn't come. The battery's still a worthwhile product, but the customer doesn't need it as quickly as thought.”
	“Ok. That's easy enough. What's this got to do with the factory?”
	“Straight to the point. Good. Let's treat your factory like the power outage. Might a prudent business owner, who knows people are buying batteries just to buy batteries, sell them to a business he also owns, in order to keep people buying batteries for the sake of buying batteries?”
	“That's not the kind of business I run.”
	“Don't misunderstand me. That's not the kind of proposal I'm making. Just trying to put in real terms what is called a hedge, and it's common business practice. You've got a product to offer, and you're selling for what a client thinks it's worth to pay for it. Now, here's what we do. We create a subsidiary to buy some of your product and then sell it back to your main company by a set time period. That way, if your product price keeps rising, you're good, and if you're just experiencing a price spike, you're also good. You win either way. It's called hedging. Now that you've got a product taking off, you ought to consider this type of service, which my business does more routinely.”
	“You don't really have any expertise in my business field?”
	“It's not what I deal with everyday, like you would. I have some diversity in my clients. I offer services that help across businesses.”
	“You gave me the impression you knew a lot about this 'words as confetti' business.”
	“How's your balance sheet?”
	“Impressive.”
	“Then I knew what you needed as a business. How's the wine?”
	“The taste is really subtle, if you take the time to appreciate it.” It was the most sophisticated answer he could give without knowing a thing about white wine.
	“I like it. I'll run a contract by that secretary of yours. She's got a real eye for detail.”
	“I think I'll go over it. I've got the business degree after all.” Avery tried to hide the snarl in that remark. He wanted Lars' business knowledge, and thought that if his larger business needed to hedge against price spikes and 'perceptive value' that it was certain something to start considering. But something seemed off to him about the timing. Avery bore a big brunt of the risk in expansion. That Lars would start to get chummy after some numbers came off that were much higher than expected... Avery wondered if Lars didn't know if the idea would work, and was trying to put himself in the position to profit greatly off a risk he didn't take.
	But then, if Lars was trying to two-time a small business owner he should have tried to be more impressive. He should have offered champange, been wearing a more expensive suit, and spent some time discussing sports cars or some other high sounding snobby subject before he went straight to the point. No, Lars was probably just like any businessman whose idea went well. He had just taken the tone that Avery had just made it big, which he'd scorned as it implied he'd been small. But Lars seemed in earnest in offering the contract and truth be told, if the contract were long, he would prefer Jessica look it over rather than himself. 
	It was only... Lars' first reaction to his success was to hedge. But then that's what Lars would have done with any successful business, tried to sell his hedge fund's services, right? It was strange. Lars asked what he wanted for and gave you what he offered. He did not imply, he did not say something he didn't mean. He'd seen those business types before. Still, he walked away a little uneasy. 

*	*	*

	“Avery... I don't know what to say,” Shawn acknowledged. “I told you there was something wrong with the music. You ignored me, but it was bothering the employees. So I went to fix the machine, and the problem stopped. Now you tell me the employee responses to the music are creating a better product. First you say you want them to get used to it, then you want them to not get used to it, and are blaming me for fixing things...”
	“The jukebox wasn't covered by warranty Shawn. You went against contract, and now it's hurting our profit.”
	“I'm sorry but as an engineer I get bothered by say, red ooze gushing from a circuit board. What happens if this spreads to the rest of the system?”
	“Ok, alright. So it looked like a problem from an engineering perspective, even if it wasn't. The system's new... I can't tell you to watch it for problems and not tamper with it if something doesn't work they way you think it's supposed to work. We'll just have to go back to hoping the machine starts malfunctioning the way it did before.”
	“Well, a machine doesn't break the same way unless you hit it the same way. Got any ideas on that?”
	“That's your department. My department... I think it's time to call Lars.”
	“I think you should wait to discuss business until after the system has proved its mettle.”
	“It already has, Lars showed me the numbers. He showed me the demand for the employee submitted music based confetti. Then he told me the price might unexpectedly flip and I should get hedges. Insurance.”
	“Wait a minute...”
	“I'm tired of waiting a minute for you Shawn. Businessmen don't wait.”
	“Lars showed you the numbers?”
	“I'm not listening. Not now. Go back and tend to the machines.”
	“Shouldn't Jessica have shown you the numbers?” Shawn asked, but his question fell on deaf ears. Avery seemed fine with this indeterminate red substance gathering in his electronics, but Shawn was not. Not until he could riddle out the confetti printing system. 
	There were really two approaches to the problem. He could try sequentially reading the manual from start to finish and understand the process. But there was also interesting anomalies for which he could try to riddle things out. One of his new jobs was inspections, things vital to the printing process. The liquid nitrogen was being stored at a specific temperature and pressure that had to be checked regularly. The newly delivered coal had to have the right balance of impurities. The water supplied for the steam also had to contain a certain balance of impurities. This last point was particularly counterintuitive to a scientist that took great pains to get distilled water. 
	So he counted on a plan of trying to map things start to finish, riddling out the system's apparent choke points, and looking at the actual mechanical parts as well to investigate this new machine. And when everyone else had gone home. He opened up the jukebox again. The red driplets had returned. However, as the situation called for him not to wipe them out systematically but collected them in an eye dropper. 
	He hastened to make sure the substance was sealed well and tight. He planned to send it off to a good scientific laboratory to get it identified at his own expense. Avery didn't perceive an issue but Shawn sure as hell didn't want anyone flash freezed to death or dissolved in hydrofluoric acid. The viscous smudges hadn't get into the main equipment but without knowing their source, he couldn't rule out a contaminant. From there, there was little to do but wait until things got better or worse. 

*	*	*

	The red ooze which had started in the music box now had traces throughout the entire factory. It had been slow to appear, and its pathway was anything but predictable. It started showing up in the filters, which Shawn had replaced twice until giving up on that kind of solution. When Avery mentioned all that money the factory would be making, Shawn reflected, he neglected to tell Shawn one thing: that demand would be so high there'd be little time for any maintenance. The machines were on 24 hours a day, a radical departure from the days when they only needed to keep them on for eight. Maintenance ground production to a halt. So against his instincts as an engineer he let the filters go. They did not seem to change the printing process, which Shawn could not account for. 
	He looked down at a crumpled sheet in his pocket, a sheet of phrases as of yet uncut into pieces of confetti. These phrases printed on the confetti had been guarded like a trade secret, and you could be certain the final product was surveilled. However, Shawn had been able to pick out an uncut sheet from a worker ever so often. An employee at who worked on the line occasionally inspected those uncut sheets, and Shawn offered his services as a spotter at the dealer. At times he would declare a sheet defaulty and pass it to Shawn when he did well at the tables. 
	The nature of the phrases had been interesting to say the least. This week seemed a sudden influx in demand for slogans about freedom. Quality seemed to be irrelevant. “One cannot secure the blessings of freedom without liberty.” was one he remembered in particular. One might expect that as some kind of joke, but the general pattern was a scatter shot of slogans about freedom that didn't even make sense as satire, and Shawn was certain whatever client wanted these slogans would cancel their contract within two weeks. 
	That had been a regular cycle, though it had been hard to gauge at first. Avery just struck him as being horribly moody about the ooze. It never went away when it showed up somewhere in the production cycle. The filters were the first stage in the process. The batches of color started turning red. By Shawn's gauge the number of colors that could be produced had dropped 40%--each possibility replaced by a dark red. But orders did not correlate to the relentless progress of red.
	Orders went through a boom and bust cycle. Suddenly orders came out in droves and Avery seemed ecstatic. Shawn would get some uncut sheets during these period, and they would always have some kind of theme. At least keywords would stand out amongst the noise populated by a sheet when the booms and busts calmed. Moreover, the mass orders rarely had more than two colors. Increasingly, as the ooze had spread, this color was red, as the number of other colors (both in variety and printing capacity) were slowing down. 
	During the busts production was down but there was no keywords and every color on the palette was used. Avery, no doubt, was looking to diversify after a canceled contract. At these moments he would be breathing down Shawn's neck trying to get the ooze out of the factory design. This had been standard practice for Avery, who couldn't determine if the substance was the problem for the failed orders or the boon that caused the sudden influx of business. Regardless of the ups and downs, the red kept showing up in the confetti factory like an open wound on a dying soldier. 
	The television sets began to act in the same way as the jukebox. The channels wouldn't stay put on sports. Shawn recalled a moment on with the television set locked on C-Span when a politician gushed forth the following plea:

Freedom of Religion is a commandment from God whose sanctity cannot be trampled upon. The murder of a child is murder. It does not matter if that child is elected or not. That child has a right to take up the call to office, and we must respect that right and put that child in office.

during a committee meeting on a budget proposal. He sounded as though he were reading straight from a botched cut and paste job of his own factory's very confetti. 
	The only way to stay sane at this point, Shawn reckoned, was to accept this mess as the new normal. He resolved merely keep an eye out for weaknesses at the critical points, like the liquid nitrogen tanks or the barrels of hydrofluoric acid and try to riddle out the quirks of the system while understanding that somehow, despite the mess, the product sold. Every so often, in moments of respite, he would wander over to Jessica's office.
	This time, when he did so, he heard Avery screaming. Shawn had grown accustomed to Avery's temper when it had been hurled at him. He'd never heard it launched at Jessica. He opened the door without knocking.
	“How could you have lost that account? Two weeks ago they were our best customer?”
	“I told you when we signed the contract with Lars I had misgivings.”
	“Hello Avery,” Shawn stated flatly, as if the exchange weren't taking place.
	“Shawn? This is a private meeting.”
	“Between the three of us. I'm still a business partner, remember?”
	“Alright, fine. Jessica, we don't you tell Shawn how business is going.”
	“Certainly. The new proposed system was supposed to ramp up our production seven times. As it stands we're not making that number. We're only at 6.7.” 
	“That's the problem Jessica?” Shawn asked.
	“No. The production's fine. Contract after contract gets cancelled.”
	“Not renewed,” Jessica corrected, “they expire monthly, as per the agreement we had when we set up the system.”	
	Avery let out a huge sigh, one that reverberated out and left nothing but silence in its wake. “When a big names keep cancelling contracts that means I have to hedge every new one I sign. That costs money. And there's never a guarantee that a new company will pick up the product.”
	“Well you should have thought of that when you wanted to enter this market. The nature of the product...” Jessica stopped as if she'd said something wrong.
	“Our process is automated! How can customers be so fickle as to not know if and when they need it?”
	“You were saying something about the nature of the product, weren't you Jessica?” Shawn said in complete calm after Avery's burst. Jessica wasn't sure which question to answer.
	She looked over at Shawn. “You know I know, don't you Shawn?”
	“Know what?” asked Avery.
	“There was a long contract I had to sign before the new process could get off its feet.”
	“But don't you handle this kind of contract Avery?”
	“Well, Lars made it a condition that Jessica sign it. She didn't say there was anything wrong with it.”
	“If you don't recall, I did object.”
	“But you didn't give a reason.”
	“And so you acted like I didn't have one. You didn't take time to discuss my doubts. I couldn't explain myself and then money talked louder than my intuition.”
	“This sounds,” Shawn noted, “familiar to me.”
	“You weren't sure about this from an engineering standpoint?” Jessica asked. The pleasant surprise was apparent in her tone.
	“No. What is it that you were bringing up. The nature of the product?”
	“The contract I signed included confidentiality clauses. I'm not going to break them.”
	“Then just tell us what you can. As an engineer I've never seen so many systems fail and succeed simultaneously. What is the nature of the product, as best you can tell?”
	“Well I can't give you any correspondence with specific clients. I can't tell either of you why sales are splattered, because I can't tell you what it is clients are asking for. But...”
	Shawn threw out a crumpled piece of paper, a stray uncut confetti piece that he'd yet to file away. “They asking for anything like this?”
	Jessica looked at the paper and turned white.
	“I'll take that as a yes. No breaking of contract required. Read it.”
	“One cannot secure the blessings of freedom without liberty,” she chuckled. “This...” she looked at the paper.
	“You don't have to talk about details Jessica. I've been collecting these little sheets. What are they?”
	Jessica tried to see if quiet might be her protection. It might have worked with Avery. Shawn was to persuasive.
	“If you must know, Shawn Aaron, think about the changes in the process. We used to make party confetti. Now we print words on said confetti. When the customer tosses them out carelessly, what's the difference?”
	“Lies. Is that it, lies?”
	“No. Lies are cheap. You don't need a factory for that. Fragmentary truth. That's what they want. Truth that's good enough for the moment, and can be forgotten and cleaned up after it's no longer needed. But if it's no longer needed, why buy more of it? That's why the contracts are monthly Avery.”
	“What about the ooze?”
	“That's still a riddle to me. No one understands. I've heard of other confetti factories quietly shutting their doors despite giving every indication of being financially successful.”
	“So this is the nature of the business, Jessica?” Avery asked. “The nature I didn't want to hear about?” 
	“Yes.”
	“Well I'm out,” Avery stated, “I don't care if the money's good. I started my business so I could be my own man, not scramble around trying to please customers whose desires I can't know by contract.”
	“What will you do with your shares then,” Shawn asked.
	“Sell them to the highest bidder,” Avery responded.
	“You mean Lars?”
	Avery sighed, “Lars would be the lowest bidder, and he's already gotten a 15% share from me.”
	“How did he do that?” Jessica asked. “You've never been one to barter off your shares.”
	“It was the only payment he'd take. For the fake independent distribution network that's off the books.”
	“This is the first I've heard of it.”
	“Like I said, it was off the books. Every cancelled contract I went out and asking for his hedging services. He'd set up some accounting arrangement in exchange for shares. He must have known the nature of the business in advance. In any case I'm ditching my thirty two percent and starting a new company. Why don't you come join me Shawn. It will be like it was.”
	“It won't be like it was. I'm staying.”
	“What? Why? You have some sort of engineering interest in fragmentary truth?”
	“Something is going on here. I have to find out what it is.” He picked up the crumbled sheet of paper. 
	“What about you Jessica? What will you do with your five percent?”
	“I never took that share you offered me, Avery. I just put it in trust with your name on it. It was out in the open, but you never looked.”
	“Why would you reject an offer like that?” Avery asked. 
	“I didn't want to get involved in the business decisions.”
	“But you handle the finances. Moreso than ever before.”
	“But it doesn't matter. You're leaving right? My salary's better. I have kids to put through college.”
	“What about you then Shawn? Whoever takes over the company is obviously going to fire you. Look at the mess in the machines.”
	“I still have a share, and if I have anything to say about it, Jessica's going to stay right where she is too, if that's what she wants.”
	Avery walked out the door and slammed it shut as though he'd never be back. 
	“Thank God,” Jessica stated flatly. “I've never liked being in the same room when you two disagreed about business.”
	“I see why you sold your share. What are you going to do now? You want to stay here?”
	“Yes. Come, here. Let me show you something. I've got a surprise in my desk.”
	“Oh?”
	“It's very red. Corked away in a graduated cylinder.”
	“Samples?”
	“Yeah, I went to the trouble of getting some of this stuff for myself.”
	“Why?”
	“I thought they might be important.”
	“Well then,” Shawn replied, “let's make sure they're the real thing.” He opened the cylinder and dipped his uncut confetti strip inside. The print disappeared everywhere the strip was soaked. He pulled it out and capped the cylinder. “Yeah, that's the stuff alright. The paper hasn't changed colors a whit, but the print is gone.”
	“What could it be?”
	“I don't know. Let's find out.”

Traveling with Tragedy

	What appeared to be a screen faded to black, and dissolved into the brick wall of an abandoned factory. Dr. Creed and Ali did not remember getting out of their chairs, but were standing nothing remained beyond them, beyond rusted factory equipment.
	“So?” Dr. Creed asked. Ali shuffled through his backpack for a conspicuous blue folder, held together by a spool of red thread, which Ali quickly unraveled. 
	“There are these prints. I've found them in a number of newspapers. Obvious slip ups. Clear misprints on the various papers I pick up all the time as a journalist. I go online, and the web content is fine. So I call the editor, and that editor is clueless to the mistake. So I buy another copy, and there's nothing wrong with them. Here, read these.
	Dr. Creed walked over to a busted window, where a nice sliver of light provided for some proper reading. Dr. Creed burst out hysterically. He looked up at Ali. “He said that at a peace summit?” 
	“So the paper claims. There's several more. A board meeting for a biotech company in Europe. Here's one on a border dispute between Greece and Turkey.”
	Creed raised an eyebrow. “In the American Press?”
	“Yep.”
	“Not that many people in the US know Greece and Turkey have a border. Especially my students. Let me take a read.”
	Ali handed him the paper.
	“A student couldn't have turned this in as a joke, it's that bad. Like someone pissed on a Greek newspaper and then translated it into English. Poorly. “Greek and Turkish Border Gets Hot—Russian Influenced, Washington Says”. That's quite a puzzle. You've never been able to find a second copy.”
	“Nope. Editor doesn't remember having printed the article in the first place.”
	“Does the American Party Supply Institute hold out some clue for you?”
	“If random phrases were being chucked together, that would explain a few things.”
	“You notice that part about the liquid nitrogen?”
	“Yeah.”
	“The accident. The one you can't find any traces of.”
	“It was in the papers. More than one. I still can't make out what happened. The driver can't be reached for comment. The trucking company and the manufacturer can't be reached for comment. And without being able to see the wreck, I can't follow up on it. There's just one thing unusual about the whole issue. There's one detail I gleaned. Check out one the photos from the wreck. The truck has Nevada license plates.”
	“The truck was headed south wasn't it?”
	"Yeah."
	“What the hell is a truck licenced in Nevada carrying liquid nitrogen south through Minnesota?” 
	“Legitimate shipping can take some funny routes. But I've tracked phony suppliers for stories and this routes smells bad. I don't know. It's my only lead. I don't have much time left out in the field. So I'm off to Vegas. First place to start looking. You want to join?”
	“Am I going to be able to help in your journalistic pursuit, or am I going to get in the way?”
	“No, you won't get in the way. But... do you have other plans?”
	“I was thinking a trip to Chicago is in order for me.”
	“Chicago?”
	“An uncle ex-professor of mine might need a visit. Diverging realities, contradictory records, fragmentary truth... he'll love it. I hope maybe I can get my bearings.”
	“And your university job?”
	“It can wait.”
	“Alright then. You use IRC before?”
	“Huh?”
	“IRC, internet relay chat. Chatrooms.”
	“I'm familiar with the concept.”
	“Here,” Ali pulled out a pencil and wrote down a phrase and a password. “The chat room is called #emerging. Here's the password.” Ali wrote out a long string of digits and letters.
	“You have it memorized?” Dr. Creed asked.
	“I'd advise you to do the same. A password's really only safe in your head these days. Common, let's go.” 

*	*	*




Dr. Creed Goes to Washington

	Dr. Creed sat amongst a few rickety chairs in a Greek restaurant nestled in an obscure part of New York City. He knew the owners from trips abroad; they had immigrated from the Greek islands. The restaurant, oddly, played American jazz music from the 1940's, played from vinyl records that passed through many hands from American soldiers in Italy. At times tools were laid out to keep the record player in repair, presumably it was just as old. 
	The restaurant felt like no other place on earth... an American Greek island as it were. Its existence was a comfort for reasons Dr. Creed could never define. In any case, it was the only place he went to eat any time he visited New York to be recorded on his Atlantis program, as he did now. He'd been unable to speak to the owner of the place, a long known and gregarious fellow. He had a growing conviction that life was pointless, and he didn't wish to share these sentiments with an old friend.
	The filming was over now. It had been different, but only slightly. He had long since realized the perspective he offered on the show was a script, but it was a script he believed in. More precisely, he felt Atlantis to be a fantasy and distraction from the true wonders of Greek culture and wished it would cease. Now he gave no regard over whether anyone believed in Atlantis or not. This time his emphatic skepticism was an act. 
	The proof of this statement appeared when he actually consulted his previous debating rival, Samantha Hayes, to ask her questions about Atlantis. He expected derivative drivel, but secretly he was hoping for her confirmation on the texts that had magically appeared and vanished. He was hoping there'd be some mention of twelve prophets or HADES.
	He asked her if anything tangible had showed up, a document of some kind, perhaps not well known to scholars but new. Someone else after all, might have been letting some others see those documents. Her response was irritated and in hindsight predictable.
	“It doesn't matter how much evidence I give for the evidence of Atlantis, it's never enough. Like I've got to invent a time machine to show you the truth.”
	He'd only wanted to elicit some new direction in her Atlantis theories, which she'd explained before. He knew the drill. Atlantis had perished from a dimensional disaster. The Atlanteans having found a world of Enlightenment of true peace were ready to ascend the material plane before the stars had aligned to usher in the Age of Aquarius. Their great nation had not perished in an earthquake but had been scattered across the globe, so that one day the pieces could be brought together again. Evidence for Atlantis was everywhere you looked, and the more you looked, the more you saw how close humankind was to finally re-achieving what it had done before. And it seemed that everywhere Samantha looked, there was some oddity existed as proof. But these oddities were rarely convincing. 
	Of course on the show she only had time to go over the most striking of her oddities, which she refereed to as co-incidences. It wasn't until she was engaged in a lengthy discussion that these oddities became increasingly strained. He often wondered how she maintained any grip on reality at all, but she was a well paid accountant with three children. 
	He didn't need to be reminded of these old things. He didn't feel the need to debate her or explain his reasons for believing she was being ridiculous. But he asked for the well rehearsed arguments regardless. He only hoped to elicit something that might coincide with twelve prophets or some reference to HADES. He had little to go on. He was convinced in his position that he'd seen the documents. After all, the translations he'd made remained even after the text had been removed. He didn't think he could produce them in a dream or trance. 
	So he invited her to a late lunch after filming and she insisted on Indian food, which she adored.  The cuisine seemed strange and the taste unusual, but in the end it was nourishment all the same. It was just another meal for him, as he strained to find something useful in Samantha's ramblings. Of course, he never mentioned anything about HADES or twelve prophets. He was convinced that if he did so, suddenly Samantha would “remember” something that in fact was only an act of fantasy on her part, something she would declare with absolute conviction was true, because it would be further “evidence” of the Age of Atlantis if even a great skeptic changed his mind about it. 
	Samantha talked for several hours and needed to order multiple deserts to justify their stay in the small restaurant. At last she reached the phrase Dr. Creed both begged for and feared, “I guess that's all I know about Atlantis. Now don't you see why it must be true?” She was beaming.
	“No,” it was the only word she needed to hear. She got up hastily, reached into her purse, muttered something about having never stolen anything in her whole life, throwing a twenty on the table and storming out. 
	In times past her reaction would have caused mild amusement. Now Dr. Creed sat in a Greek cafe listening to American jazz and wondered how he looked to a student that he come to his office trying to argue his way out of a failing grade, for failing to up to the task of understanding Greek. There he was, fidgeting with the ticket to a missed plane back to Minnesota. 
	He was going to quit teaching, that much he was certain of. He felt himself not in a position to have anything worth teaching. The deadline had passed for him to take a sabbatical next semester. He was thinking of just quiting, as terrible a career move as that would be. But he didn't care about his career at this point. His career was based on the idea that the parchment and scroll he'd seen didn't exist, and they did exist. It was even wrapped up in an aptly left word on a business card:
	HADES.
	That was indeed what it felt like. For a short time he glimpsed at something that had passed from human knowledge, left to the underworld of time, and re-earthed for some purpose he could scarcely imagine. 
	There was really only one place Dr. Creed felt he could go. Washington, the Library of Congress. There some mention of documents, or of the right archive to look for said documents, must exist somewhere. There had been a number of large document discoveries this century, in Egypt especially, and some text may have gone unexamined, or at least not well distributed enough to have made it into his textbooks as an undergrad. Research would find his answers. It had to, because nothing else could explain the documents. 

*	*	*

	Dr. Greek flipped the light of his D.C. Studio apartment and set down a paper sack full of light bulbs, rat traps, and ramen noodles. He picked up a pirated copy of an academic journal and then placed it down in despair. He'd spent six months reading journals ten hours a day looking for hints in the literature about Atlantis, discoveries in texts of the last six months, and working out the world's network of high end black market antiquities dealers. There was nothing.
	He had enough to write a dissertation. That was a pleasant return to his doctoral days but despite his great gain in knowledge, nothing gave him the slightest piece of information about HADES. He'd dabbled in conspiracy theories and secretive government agencies which only left him paranoid, not enlightened. 
	His study into the great fall of civilizations in comparative mythology seemed to bear a little more fruit. They didn't add any material facts to the case, but they cast an interesting take on the story itself. The story he examined had elements of “the Fall” as he called it. It had other scholarly names but he preferred this one. The Fall seemed to have two versions. The fall of an ancient perfect society wherein the survivors must deal with the tragic consequences of a world just not meant to be. This fall came from some extreme weather event or the intervention of some divine being, and all the kin of this former glory were left to suffering without knowing why the perfection was not meant to be. 
	The particular story, which he saw repeatedly, was understandable, given that the glory of civilizations rose and fell, but emotionally struck him as quite naïve. How would a so-called society be so fragile and prone to fall if it were so perfect? Performing some simple act, completely out of proportion to its later consequences, such as eating forbidden fruit, or taking something that “belonged to the gods” seemed a major theme here. Not like the Atlanteans that had spent generations building up an Atlantis that would sink. In these stories, the teller and his generation were absolved by mistakes made long before their birth. 
	It took him some time to riddle out why such tales of the fall would be so prominent. The fall either seemed to be the tale of an advanced decadent society or a fall from grace that offered little explanation other than something vague such as “eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge” and left an inexplicable stain that all descendants were burdened with. But he realized these tales must have gained prominence in societies quite different from his own. 
	These were places  where change never accompanied hope, where peace was a short breather between more war and disease. Here a society's ideals, its hopes, wishes, and inspiration could be tucked safely away in the past, where the vicissitudes of life could never touch it, and perhaps, after some unknown length of times, that ideal might eventually return, without any warning of any kind. 
	The fall of Atlantis from the scroll was another matter. Here was a story of real people, generations of people, guided by a social myth to create its own demise. This seemed more infinitely applicable to the present. Though he was certain humanity didn't need yet another story of a self-created demise. 
	Then again, humanity never received that tale. It was shown to him, and only him, as if he were being recruited as some form of prophet. 
	A prophet?
	The concept struck a chord in him somehow. Not that he had been chosen to redeem humanity... that seemed a bit too grandiose. But it struck him that he'd spent six months trying to decipher the meaning of the text and given so little thought to the context in which it was given. How had he received it? It had been a while.
	He had received the texts once, they had been in his hand and he retained the physical translations he'd made of them. This was clearly enough evidence for him that the texts were real and what faced him was not a test of sanity. There was simply too much technical detail to be the fabrication of a troubled mind. Yet he had only seen them once, and what remained were translations. 
	What might be the significance of this? He couldn't say. But he could say this: there was enough detail in them to convince him as a scholar that they were real. Academic training made him pause on this conviction, but it did not change his feelings. If these documents were forged, then they contained enough novel information that their forgery still revealed something new, whatever it was. There was something to be gained from these documents, even if he only saw them once, even if what remained were only translations. On this point his was certain, and was certain he was certain, because he'd quit his job and devoted the next six months of his meager existence studying them. 
	In this matter they remained recalcitrant. No scholarly search could explain them. No search had ever linked them to a known text and the connections to various mystical traditions were rather strained. The texts were, in fact, something which would completely negate of his scholarly “understanding” about the past. Should it have been a surprise then that scholarship itself should fail so utterly? Atlantis and HADES must be completely different creatures. 
	Was it too much of a stretch to imagine that two texts that should both be lost to history (died) might have originated from none other than the land of the dead which that bold business card proclaimed? Everything about the notion seemed impossible, excepting one thing. He had spent six months trying to reconcile two things which could not be reconciled. To resolve this crisis he could side with the texts and negate his understanding of history, or he could doubt the texts and negate his understanding of physics. In such circumstances he chose physics, even though his training had been in history. 
	Without an understanding of history to guide him in his scholarly pursuits, it occurred to him that he'd never find what he was looking for in a library, and the ridiculousness of his response struck him. He'd made possibly the most exciting discovery he could hope for in his diminishing, drab, and isolated existence. And to understand it he came to Washington. He should have gone to Greece.  




	Dr. Creed had returned to his home in Minnesota without any warnings something was wrong. He suspicions only began when he spotted a rusty coffee can outside his doorstep with about 250 cigarette butts in it. Surrounding it was a mash of cigarettes, as if the can were only an afterthought. Then he noticed the door frame cracked, and turning the nob to his door took both arms. Upon opening the door to his home he could tell from the stench that the Rex and Lee, who he let rent the house, hadn't been ideal tenants. It shouldn't have come as a surprise, he did end up making the deal in Washington, after making the sudden decision not to return to his job after filming in New York. He hadn't notified the landlord and had received no communication from the people he trusted to look after his house. 
	He opened the door to two people sleeping on the floor along with another one on the couch. Empty cans and bottles of alcohol were everywhere—PBR and Smirnov seemed to be the favorites. The drunkard on the couch opened his eyes for a bit, turned, and went back to sleep. Dr. Creed had never seen him before, and his obliviousness indicated he didn't know who the owner of the house was and probably didn't care. 
	He girt his teeth but let the man lay where he was. He wanted the damn bastard out of his house was still too shocked to do anything. Prudence, he decided, would be to go through the rest of his house  before anyone was alerted of anything that needed to be hidden. He thought he heard a bit of conversation coming from upstairs, so he went first to his basement. He heard a strange rumble and he wonder if perhaps the furnace might have been having problems. It wasn't cold, But there was something electronic downstairs letting a off a distinct hum. 
	He opened the door to have the smell of marijuana rush up his nostrils. The rumbling was coming from a sophisticated jury rigged lighting system for the plants. It looked like it was ready to fall apart, but directly underneath was a vibrant tangle of green that suggested plants that were well cared for. 
	The bench he used far his rarely practiced woodworking hobby now carried an impressive collection of garden tools and electronic balances. Neither Rex nor Lee had ever espoused enthusiasm for recreational drugs when he'd known them, and Dr. Creed wondered if they'd left the university and others had taken up residence in their absence. He hadn't bothered to keep tabs on them after all. 
	After a few minutes surveying the amount of equipment, he took a deep sniff to examine the smell a bit more closely. He hadn't encountered that smell in over ten years, but the memory of it was just as sharp as the last time one of his friends had asked him to smell his pot. It was a curious memory from high school, being asked to smell marijuana he wasn't going to smoke just so he could sample its quality... like someone trying to sell him women's perfume. That was something he wished he'd smelt more of in high school, but he hadn't aroused anyone's attention until college. 
	He chuckled and wondered if he really missed out on too much not having a high school lover. Then he grew surprised that he could be so amused with something so completely illegal going on in his house without his knowledge. This was his mortgage. But then for months it hadn't been his home. Who said he wasn't allowed to be apathetic and even just a little amused at its current state? Whoever had been responsible was certainly bold. 
	He went back up the stairs and locked the door from the inside. The door could be forced open later, when the responsible parties were detected. He found the his upstairs bedrooms contained not one but two couples, in various stages of nudity, and someone sleeping on the bathroom floor next to vomit that hadn't completely made it into the toilet. He felt he should have been furious about how disgusting his bathroom had become, he found himself thankful the drunkard had fallen asleep on his side so the vomit was on the floor and not his dead throat. He could handle a grow house emerging in his absence, he didn't want to have to think about disposing of a body. 
	In any case, it was approaching noon, there were seven sleeping bodies in his house, he'd never seen any of them before, and he didn't exactly know what he was supposed to say. He went out to check his mailbox. The mail was only a few days old, and current. Someone was living here. Upon returning to his house he made note of the posted, “the ground is not your ashtray” and “clean the damn bathroom” signs. 
	Dr. Creed went about the house seeing what worked, what didn't, possessions new to the house, and looking for objects that might have been stolen. He assumed by this point and jewelry or multimedia devices he had could have considered gone if they were discovered. He merely went about looking for those things he would want on a vacation to Greece.
	After shuffling amongst the remains of his house he assembled a working library, a fishing rod for the open ocean, and a most lucky find: his old prescription sunglasses. One of the ladies, in scant underwear, went downstairs for something out of the refrigerator and they crossed paths. He was not shocked by her presence as he imagined the five people were alive and would need to come downstairs to eat. She jumped to her feet being half naked having never seen him before.
	She instinctively moved her hands to cover herself, when Dr. Creed merely said, “Hello there.” and chuckled. He was laughing because he had seven other people to surprise in this fashion, although She did not know this was what he was thinking.
	“Uh. Hi. Who are you?”
	“Jonathan. You?”
	“Tara. What are you doing here?”
	“I'm a locksmith. Someone said you were having trouble opening your basement door.”
	“What?” she screamed, and ran down to see if the door were really locked. She tried to force the knob open, yanked away at the door, and pounded it a few times. Then she bolted back up stairs in her underwear to alert her lover, he ran down stairs, tossing on whatever he could find and insisting that it was all a prank and that there was nothing wrong with the door, which he had watched Tara check. He gripped his knuckles white trying to hold back the urge to laugh. Until the gentleman he was with said, “I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.”
	“I might say the same thing, I own this house.” he replied. 
	“Oh...” he replied, “You're the owner?”
	“Yes. Where's Lee? Where's Rex?”
	“Oh those two? One transferred to Massachusetts and the other dropped out.”
	“They were behind on rent.”
	“They never said anything about rent.”
	“Yes, I only found that out from the bank yesterday. I decided maybe I ought to come and see what was the matter. I expected maybe a few Saturday night parties but this place has really been let go.”
	“Uh... sorry... um.”
	“You run the grow room in the basement?”
	“No that's...” 
	“Wouldn't want all that effort to go to waste. And you've been living here, rent free?”
	“Well no, we uh...”
	“I'm sure that contraption in my basement is bringing in some funds, but from the looks of it, all the profits were made to buy booze.”
	“That's not really...”
	“Hasn't anyone ever warned you not to get high on your own supply?”
	“What?” the guy finally looked up at Dr. Creed, not believing what he was hearing.
	“If you want to make money with drugs you don't take them yourself. And you haven't got anyone monitoring the grow room in an open party house. You trying to get busted?”
	“No. First of all, I don't do any of the growing. You have to talk to Ray. Besides, it's Tuesday morning. No one comes over here on Tuesday morning.”
	“Well I do. You don't grow drugs in the same house as your party house. Either you keep them separate or you pack one up.”
	“Look man, it's still early.”
	“It's almost noon. Look, I'm think I'm going to pick up some lunch. Everyone here, they can come with or move out. Savvy? Get ready. I'm going to put some stuff in order.”
	“Sure, I'll get everyone up,” the man replied. 

*	*	*

	Dr. Creed set out to put his new house in order—somewhat. A few basic rules:

1) Marijuana from the grow room was only to be sold in bulk to dealers. Commission was based on work and need, after bills had been paid.
2) Band practice during the weekdays would be limited from 9pm to midnight.
3) Every Sunday afternoon at three there should be a meeting to discuss house issues.

	Beyond that he just let people come and go as they pleased. It was nerve wracking. He'd spent the last six months in libraries and had grown accustomed to doing his work in silence. Now that his house was quasi public property the noise was not constant but always expected. The stereo often blared loud enough that it was difficult to think, and there was drinking every night. Dr. Creed learned to slowly nurse a bowl of marijuana over a few hours to keep things mellow. He now began receiving large numbers of newspapers and magazines from all over Greece. He needed to be prepared for his trip. 
	This time he did not approach his research as an academic matter. He had a story about Atlantis and a calling card from HADES. He was drawing up a list of places that were associated with the story and the Greek underworld. He wrote: 

It is common interpretation that Atlantis was beyond the pillars of Hercules, which is generally considered to refer to the Strait of Gibraltar. But no one knows if that were really the location Plato referred to and besides, the new text I've discovered is at odds with Plato's account anyway. Still, perhaps it would be best to travel to Greece by sea. I don't see how that might help, But it couldn't hurt. I suppose I don't put much stock in the idea of coincidences. I don't see how I can. I had to have been given those texts for a reason. I need to be up and running again. 

	His situation was frustrating, there was no order to it. He could travel by air to Greece, by boat, from obscure province to the legendary Athens. He researched a great deal on getting by in Greece, given all the turmoil there, and his musings didn't provide any direction. No. That was wrong. His musings couldn't be used to make a definite plan. But they were soothing. They made him feel grounded, even if he couldn't figure out what to do next. 
	Dr. Creed went downstairs for some Greek wine and pomegranate juice. Even in a house that alcohol consumption reached excess, only Creed really touched the wine. It was a specific vintage that took some time to appreciate. He concealed it near the back of the refrigerator, where it was sometimes pilfered by people too drunk to care about taste or people desperate for alcohol but without the money to purchase something they would prefer. 
	Walking down the stairs, peering through the rails, he looked down at a beaten snare drum with enough bruises for it to rupture the next time it was hit, which would be shortly. A number of bands had started playing house shows at Dr. Greek's residence, including some bands for whom drumming seemed more an endurance contest  than about keeping a beat. Walking around the drum kit he surveyed the pedal boards, strange configurations of 10-20 electronic pedals notched into pieces of plywood. 
	Both of these were tools of music he couldn't understand. Punk rock, where the purpose of the music seemed to be screaming and pounding the drums without melody. Noise, where the artists took acoustic instruments and jacked them through so many processors one couldn't make sense of it all. But then he didn't really have to understand it. He just lit up a joint and everything sounded fine. It wasn't really the music that baffled him. He didn't understand how a scene with some much alcohol consumption could possibly produce anything. A lot of the musicians were getting just as hammered as anyone else... where did they find the motivation to keep playing? 
	Upon reaching the refrigerator he noticed a new piece of graffiti, someone had drawn a pornographic picture with a sharpie on the refrigerator for reasons not ascertainable. He wondered about offering his house as a practice space for spray paint artists before they went out to “tag” a new building with some impressive art. The wine had disappeared, not unexpected, but the juice remained. Creed never found it a truly adequate substitute for a true Greek pomegranate. He went back upstairs to his journal. 
	The pomegranate is the quintessential yonic symbol, a perfect representation of a female womb. It was linked to one of the Greeks best known myths... the story of Persephone. Her rape and marriage to Hades, lord of the dead, and the wrath and sorrow of her mother... life, death, rebirth, regeneration, sorrow, despair, reconciliation, change and the cycle of life. If I know where to begin I'd start here. But I don't know where to begin. 
	Dr. Creed heard a knock on his door. In walked a woman in her early twenties, with a faded black t-shirt, ripped jeans and thick red hair. She peered over Dr. Greek casually, yawned and stretched her arms upward such that he could see the inward curve of her waist. She said nothing, she just put her hands behind her back and swayed her wrists back and forth. 
	“Hello there.” Dr. Creed finally looked her in the eye. “It's 9 am. I'm the only one that's supposed to be awake.”
	“I guess there's two this time around.”
	“Yes. You seem to want something. Why don't you just come right out an say it.”
	“Why do you read all those newspapers and magazines in Greek? Are you from Greece?”
	“No. I'm hoping to move there.”
	“You've read the Orestia Trilogy? It's a classic.”
	“I know it's a classic,” Dr. Creed snapped, feeling patronized.
	“Well...” she responded, trailing off for no apparent reason, looking away with a hint of a smile.
	“Why don't you and I go get some breakfast?”
	“Certainly.” 
	Dr. Creed walked with the woman to his crimson Ford Taurus, and held open the passenger side door for the woman to get in.
	“Thank you,” she replied.
	“Not at all miss...”
	“I go by Phoenix.”
	“Fitting with the hair and all.”
	“I like the name. Where do you want to go eat?”
	“There's a nice Greek restaurant that does breakfast. Only a twenty minute drive.”
	“You really dig Greece don't you? Maybe I can talk to you about something.”
	“The Orestia?”
	“Among other things. What's your opinion on it?”
	“Tough choices. Agamemnon having to choose kingdom and statehood over family. His wife Clytemnestra chooses a new lover over an absent husband. Orestes to choose between mother and father. And all with blood on their hands. What's your take on it?”
	“I read it when my parents were getting divorced.”
	“Must have fit the occasion.”
	“It did. What did you think of Medea?”
	“Jason scorns Medea. She kills their children so he'll die alone. What did you think?”
	“I read it after I was dumped the first time.”  
	“I see. I certainly hope not every Greek tragedy followed this pattern...” Creed laughed nervously.
	“No. But they were the first two I read. I didn't pick up a classic for a couple of months after that. I worried all my life was already written down.”
	“That's a particularly interesting experience with the classics. The concept of fate runs strong in them. A nagging question about how much your life is under control.”
	“Yeah. That someone would write this stuff twenty five hundred years ago and people felt the same way that we do now. Like human life is a script.”
	“How old are you?”
	“Nineteen.”
	Creed smiled, “You seemed a bit older.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“You've got some drive.”
	“Drive? If you say so.”
	“I do say so. You are attending classes aren't you?”
	“Yes I am.”
	“And?”
	“The classes are interesting. I don't fit in.”
	“Why not?”
	“I couldn't tell you. People just seem too opinionated to me.”
	“But why approach me? I'm a professor. I have opinions. That's why I teach.”
	“Yeah, maybe, but you seem like the type that has opinions opinions.”
	“That's a little cryptic.”
	“I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm talking about.”
	“I think you know exactly what you're talking about.”
	“It doesn't sound stupid to you?”
	“No. Look, why don't we do an experiment? I'm going to grab a newspaper. I'll be back.”
	“I'll wait.”
	“All right. Newspaper, newspaper. Oh here. “Sanctions Needed to Stop Iranian Nuclear Program. Now this is opinion, is it not?”
	“Very much.”
	Dr. Creed paused. “Do this stuff interest you?”
	“It's probably some politician on his high horse acting like he knows everything.”
	“And I quote,

	There are drug dealers throughout the world that consider the US their enemy. They will use whatever drug they can get their hands on. Even if one takes Iran at its word that their energy program intends to be peaceful, their political one is not. Enriching uranium means more drugs will be available to the drug dealers that covet them. Iran knows this and is continuing its nuclear ambitions. Even an allied Iran having drugs would present a terrorist threat, since terrorists could seize them. But  Iran is not an ally nor can it be if it continues with its nuclear program. 

	“What the hell?” Phoenix at last interjected.
	“Its a strange opinion piece. It seems the writer can't remember if he's writing about the War on Drugs or the War on Terror.”
	“I would never expect that from an opinion column. Opinion writers already know they're right and just only examine the evidence that backs up their case. That this person would deliberately conflate two issues is really quite astonishing.”
	“Why don't we see if there's something about drugs. Oh hey, the side bar on the right. “Its time for medical marijuana.”
	“Let me see that,” Phoenix grabbed the paper and read, 

	The Drug Enforcement lists weapons of mass destruction as a Class A substance that has no accepted medical value. Yet despite this hardline stance, which makes scientific studies on weapons of mass destruction's medical values incredibly difficult, experience is showing conclusively that weapons of mass destruction have legitimate...

	“It's like they paper switched terms and concepts without the printers and editors even noticing it. How could that happen.”
	“I've... seen stranger things happen.”
	“Well I haven't. This... I like it... but I just don't understand how it could happen. You've really seen stranger things? What?”
	“Someone gave me a lost Greek text, which I translated, and then it disappeared as soon as it arrived. Then it happened again, with an even older lost Egyptian text. It happened about six months ago. I kept the translations. I'm going to do something with them. I can't publish them in academic circles and be taken seriously.”
	“Then why publish them in academia?”
	“The level of scrutiny is higher. A journal worth its salt is going to ensure that if your evidence is in conflict with what's known, then you back it up. You're the one who doesn't like opinion. Peer reviewed journals are where you go to find evidence.”
	“Is evidence your goal? Do you want to prove to academia that these texts exist? 
	“Yes. And No. I would like them to be taken seriously by scholars. But if I feel that's impossible, I'm not going to bang my head against the wall over it.” 
	“Then you can't prove they exist. What do you want to do with them?”
	“If I can't prove they exist, I still want their ideas to be spread.”
	“What are those ideas anyway?”
	“They're about a lost continent. One of extraordinary technical capacity whose society collapsed because it became obsessed with an impossible and toxic goal.”
	“Then write about that.”
	“No, there's something I have to do first.”
	“What?”
	“I'm not sure. I'll think of something. So, you were saying something about opinions opinions?”
	“I can't interact with people talking about opinions opinions. Funny, it's almost like that newspaper. When they talk, they could easily substitute drugs for terror and not notice. Because it's not the truth that's really important to them. It's important that they're right personally. Whenever someone talks like that, I feel dead.”
	“Is that why you call yourself Phoenix?”
	“I just thought it went with the hair. But... I guess I could start using it for a new reason if it arose.”
	“If a phoenix arose you say?”
	“Funny.”
	“Well if opinions opinions makes you feel dead. What brings you back up?”
	“Being alone. I'll have to take that paper home to peruse. What brings you up?”
	“Being around someone who really understands the classics. Not someone who studies. Someone who knows. Someone like you.”
	“Well... no one's ever said that to me before.”
	“That they appreciate you like the classics?”
	“Oh no. I've had a few guys tell me the classics were great. But they didn't exactly have the classics on their mind when they said it.”
	“You know I'm going to go to Greece, don't you? It's the only option after what I've seen. I just don't know what approach to take. I would... like to get to know you better. I'm surprised someone your age is so... perceptive.”
	“Thank you.”
	“You kind of remind me of myself at your age.”
	“Thank you.”
	“I'd like to get to know you better. But I'll be quite far away.”
	“Why don't you write me letters. I'd love to get some letters from a man in Greece. Does that sound exciting?'
	“Like they used to do before confounded computers? Sure, I'll do it.”




	Dr. Creed peeled away a layer of dead skin from his arm, remnants of a recent sunburn. He had traveled to Greece, as planned, to the provincial city Kavala, near the Bulgarian border, on the northern end of the Aegean sea. 
	He had based this decision solely upon a poem that Phoenix had written about the Orpheus myth, Orpheus was said to have originated from Thrace, a country northeast of Athens were Kavala now stood. Choosing his looking place based upon a poem that Phoenix hadn't even written for the occasion, struck him as quite foolish, but reason wasn't solving his problems. The idea of going somewhere only because it felt right was gratifying, but nothing was happening.
	Greece wasn't the paragon of order. The streets were loud and boisterous, full of anti-government sentiment from people who had no work and often times nothing to eat. Even in his two week stay Dr. Creed had learned what it meant to go to sleep starving. He had been living on bare bones in a little known travel hostel, offering what services he could, mostly labor. An unexpected shipment of goods might arrive and need as many hands as necessary. Trouble might be brewing in the capital and rides would need to be organized to get protesters to the there. 
	The periods of unrest were quite unpredictable and schools and government offices sometimes closed unexpectedly. Dr. Creed often got by tutoring students in English, a flip on his usual teaching methods that had proved interesting. He'd so long grown accustomed to those parts of Greek that English speakers struggled with. It was interesting to see how Greek students struggled with English. 
	But interest was all there was in it. Nothing in his day to day interactions suggested this would be the place to find his answers. He hadn't felt comfortable discussing HADES. He felt it would make him seem crazy when consensus around was that he was a little weird and this was in a travel hostel. Between Simone, on the run from Marseille from a vindicative lesbian lover, “Vladmir” that spoke perfect Greek but claimed to be from Chechnya, and a group of young hoodlums that always seemed to know where to find cocaine even as others struggled to find food, there were plenty of stories to go around.  But Dr. Creed just didn't feel capable of talking about his. 
	He felt a brief glimpse of hope from a veteran Spanish traveler, Javier, an aging fellow from Valencia who in his prime specialized in criss crossing the Iron Curtain, often merely to deliver letters. 
	“You came across the Atlantic for a poem?” he had asked. “Even in my heyday I'd be impressed. Would you let me read it?”
	Dr. Creed showed him the poem and “Whoa,” was his only response.
	“So well, here I am,” Dr. Creed responded. “I wish I hadn't left the author behind. She...”
	“A woman wrote you this?” he asked.
	“Yes.”
	“And you left her in America?”
	“That's where the poem led me.”
	“Well,” he responded to him. “You'd be crazy to let slip her through your fingers while you're gone. Write to her frequently, and if you have to travel to a place like this where the mail takes forever, send it to an old traveler like me. Can't help you this time though. I've some old friends from Latvia and I want to get there before winter sets in.”
	He left the next day, before he'd even been able to mention HADES. And so he'd spent the first three weeks in Greece, friendly, but not even hinting at his desires. There was merely scrounging for food by day and music and liquor at night. 
	Dr. Greek knew he should be thrilled to be in Greece again after a decades absence. It should have delighted him to be in some new corner of the Greek world, that he'd greatly ignored exploring whilst looking through Athens and the Greek Isles—the obvious spots—to this distinctive provincial capital with signs in Greek, Bulgarian, and Turkish that lived in the shadow of a Roman aqueduct that had long ceased functioning but remained standing. But all these unexpected facets of life simply didn't connect to HADES, and didn't matter.
	It was late one night and Dr. Creed went out to the Aegean shores to be alone. A few beachgoers remained, probably seeking the same solitude he desired. The fantasy flitted through his mind that perhaps a piece of Atlantis what be just offshore, and he ran out to swim as far out and deep as he could go. 
	Brine filled his eyes, nose and mouth, and he grasped at nothing but sand. But the useless gesture was satisfying, if for no reason that his search for Atlantis and HADES was an active one. It did not involve him waiting around for nothing. He wondered if perhaps he might seek to contact some black market antiquities dealers but the idea seemed impractical. How was he supposed to feign that he belonged to that world? He didn't know archaeology. He pondered trying to play the dumb rich American, but he didn't have the money to fake it. He went back to the shore to reread the poem Phoenix had written. It had brought him here. Perhaps something in the poem had eluded him previously. He went back to the meager belongings he'd left on the beach. 

Eurydice

The whispers of a lyre
Lift me to remember
I have a name.
Eurydice.

In the land of Hades
Where I've dwelt,
A world beyond time, light, soul
A melancholy lullaby reminds me of who I am.

Orpheus has come through death for me.
With songs that make the gods weep.
But never me.

I hear him ask the dread queen for my release.
She agrees but warns,
“You have seen the land of the dead which no mortal can know.
Cast your eyes forever away,
And your lover will follow.
Look back, and she is mine. 

He turns.
I sense his unease.
But I am in delight. 
To soon be back in an old lover's arms.
That had all but faded from memory.

A chance to begin again, to love again. 
To make right my regret,
To say the things I should have said.
Soon, there is light again. 

Too bright for eyes so long unused.
I cover them as the gates of death open.
During my last steps from death I begin to see...
My lover, staring back at me. 

	Phoenix had some skill with the pen. The suggestion that Orpheus' love came from being unable to make Eurydice weep was an interesting twist on an old tale—the very kind of new twist that made the retelling of myths so satisfying. The myth had always been a tale about trust. That was, from Orpheus' point of view. Phoenix had been perceptive in that for Eurydice it was a tale of being cheated out of a second chance at life. 
	It so precisely defined where he was. HADES was his second shot in the world. He was going to die, everyone did. He would have readily traded five years delving into what he had seen all those nights ago then fifty years of teaching Greek to students that didn't care and explaining misconceptions about Atlantis that no one really wanted to hear. 
	He set back down on the beach and for the first time he wept. The sea salt made the tears sting, and his throat knot up like a fist. He felt as if his body was trying to wring sorrow out like a stiff sponge. But the crying was not a sense of despair. Even as he squeezed and squeezed, his face like a nauseaous stomach long since emptied, he felt liberated. At least, he felt as he wept, he knew what he wanted. He least he knew he felt he had been denied something he should be entitled to. 
	As if to underscore the moment the sound of some stringed instrument wafted on the breeze. It was melancholy, as if the player somehow knew that he needed it and was playing, perhaps without even sensing the reason for their urge to play. 
	A slender hand the rested quietly on his shoulder. The index finger was wet, as if it, too, had wiped tears away. It was a woman's hand, and he wiped his eyes in an effort to see. 
	“Why do you cry?” the woman asked. Her voice was soft. She seemed to be expected a certain kind of answer.
	“I'm...” he wanted to utter HADES. “Will you take the time to really listen?”
	“Of course. Is it the lyre?”
	Dr. Creed saw the trails of two tears rolling down her face.
	“The lyre?” the simplicity of her question snapped him straight from any melancholy.
	“Are you sad for some other reason?”
	“Yes. But, it the hymn sound made for me. Was it you, playing?”
	“No. My daughter Cora. I can't bear to have her part with it but it brings me to tears. I don't know why. I haven't been able to explain it to anyone. Then it seemed to stir you. I want to know why.”
	“Death.” he blurted it out. He wasn't sure how the woman would respond, but the situation called for the word. 
	The woman slumped down next to him. “A most unexpected answer.”
	“I'm sorry. I didn't know what I—”
	“And a rather welcome one.” 
	“Really?”
	“You understand something. Maybe you don't have the words for it...”
	“Oh I had the words for it. HADES.”
	“You've been in contact with them?” the woman asked, startled.
	“Yes. You?”
	“I...”
	“I think that's a yes.”
	“It is... After my daughter discovered the lyre. The lyre... I think it can call things from the dead. I'd have been rid of the thing but my daughter loves it so. She says...”
	“What?”
	“She says when she plays she can sometimes hear her father talk to her.”
	“Is he dead?”
	“Yes. I shouldn't have brought that up.”
	“Are you hoping it will call him back?”
	“Of course... if he's alive. I wouldn't want him back if he were... dead. But I don't think it can bring back people back from the dead.”
	“What makes you think that?”
	“From what the lyre does. All it does is make me cry. And when I ask Cora what her father says, she just babbles... perhaps a language I don't recognize. 
	Dr. Creed and the woman paused to think.
	“You're American? Your accent is good, but not native Greek speaker.” 
	“Yes, I'm a Greek professor” he replied, then added, “Your Greek isn't native either.”
	“No, I'm a native speaker,” she insisted.
	“No you're not.”
	“Then what am I?” she asked testily. 
	“You just have some hints of Italian in your voice.”
	“I did study abroad there. Maybe it's never rubbed off.”
	“Huh. Ok. Well what's your name.”
	“Electra.” 
	“Well, Electra. I think that lyre might have belonged to Orpheus.”
	“No. That's impossible.”
	“Does it look like any modern lyre?”
	“Well no...”
	“And it was just given to you without any explanation.”
	“No, my daughter found it in a cave. Then...”
	“You received a card. It read HADES.”
	“Yes. Exactly, and nothing more. I've been thinking...”
	“I know. That thing thing shouldn't exist in this world. In the land of the living.”
	“No. It shouldn't.” 
	“Well I've made a decision about life. Ignoring that which shouldn't be is a terrible mistake. I won't ignore shouldn't be any longer. Neither should you.”
	“No, I really shouldn't.” 

	
March of the Cnidocytes

	Dr. Creed stared at the stars, not quite sure he had correctly followed Electra's instructions. She insisted that they not be seen walking to her apartment together for reasons he was unable to ascertain.  He wasn't exactly comfortable walking the alleyways of an unfamiliar city at night. He didn't really have anything worth stealing, but getting lost and slumping on the floor for sleep was not an exciting prospect. But these were Electra's wishes. He did not think to argue against them, for he could still feel her hand on his shoulder and had no strength to argue.
	The sound of a lyre wafted in on a breeze. It did not make him cry this time, he just felt an urgent need to be near it. That needn't have been from any supernatural cause, though it may very well have been. As he walked toward it he heard the swivel of hinges, was grabbed, and then pulled into a dimly lit room. His eyes adjusted to night it was not particularly difficult to see it was some kind of utility room, full of a sprawling bunch of metal tools and parts not kept together in any plan he could easily recognize.
	“Where is this? Why have you brought me here?”
	“It's best you know as little about your location as possible.”
	“Why exactly?” 
	“There is a certain kind of safety in not knowing things.”
	“Are you paranoid regarding HADES? They haven't made contact with me since before they uh... leaked some documents to me.”
	“Are they with you?”
	“I left them before I went to the beach.”
	“There's no danger if they're retrieved?”
	“No. They're English translations of texts that aren't supposed to exist. No one would believe me.”
	“Did you leave copies for others to find?”
	“No. I didn't see the point.”
	“It's bad form. There ought to be someone you can make copies. Are they physical or digital copies.”
	“Physical.”
	“Good. Did you ever put them on computer?”
	“It's funny, I never got around to it.”
	“That's also good.”
	“Why?”
	“A physical copy can't be traced on computers in any fashion. There are so many ways to look for things when they get put on a computer.”
	“Are you some kind of government agent?”
	Electra laughed. “Are you?”
	“I don't understand the need for secrecy from some group that for us has operated in the open.”
	“We can't trace it.”
	“But the objects we received were clear as day. They just let them be. We didn't find them in some anonymous vault.”
	“No group operates in the open without a location and contact information. But never mind. You said you received some kind of documents. What did they say?”
!"	“Well, they covered the topic of Atlantis. But not of any version of the story I'm familiar with. One was in Greek, the other in hieroglyphs. Quite old. Difficult to translate.”
	“You do translations?”
	“You sound excited.”
	“I've got a uh... report. A scientific report. The numbers and measurements are in modern Italian. But the rest is in a Latin too old for me to read. You do Latin as well?”
	“I should be able to translate, given enough time.”
	“Excellent.”
	“So you're Italian born after all.”
	“I suppose there's no fooling a language professor.”
	“Why would you want to conceal that aspect of your identity?”
	Electra sighed, “I forget you're new to my world. I operate in a security culture. Do you know what that means?”
	“No.”
	“It means we don't ask for personal details if not necessary. I go by Electra and was born in Italy. You don't know my family, where I went to school, who my relatives are, etc. and I don't know these things about you. It might take some getting used to. But I don't work with people who don't follow.”
	“Then I'll make a habit not to ask.”
	“Good. So this scientific report. It isn't in any scientific journal, and the location where the study took place is unrecorded. Though the report mentions something about a castle somewhere in Europe. It has something to do with bees, genetic engineering, and honey, but without someone to help me out with the old Latin I couldn't find any details. I can't believe my luck in finding a language professor. Now I don't even have to post the need for a translator anywhere on the web.”
	“Are you some kind of hacker?”
	“I work with computers. That's what you know. Computers.”
	“Right. I'll get to work on things right away.”
	“Good, there's also an oddity I can't make heads or tails of. It has to do with Egypt.”
	“Egypt? One of the documents I received was written in hieroglyphs.”
	“What were these documents about?”
	“Atlantis. Only a different one from the stories. It was an nation of size and technology never matched, afloat on the sea. It became so large as to invoke Poseidon's jealousy. So he tricked the Atlanteans to build towers to the stars. When the island grew tall enough, Poseidon sent a wave to sink it forever. But he supposedly charged twelve prophets, and their ancestral lines, to adapt the tale to warn others. One document was written in Greek, and the kingdom was called Atlantis. Another document was written in hieroglyphs, and told a similar tale in Egypt.”
	“Hmm...”
	“What?”
	“I recently ran into a database of documents. I've determined they belonged to the Nag Hammadi library. Are you aware of that library?”
	“Of course. It's a collection of Gnostic texts, or a collection of early Christian ideas that never made it into the bible. Before the church established a canon.”
	“There were some other documents as well, of an origin I can't identify. They are written in modern Greek, but I'm having great difficulty understanding the terminology and references. All I can gather was that the Nag Hammadi library discovery was not an accident. That it was a “leak” of some kind. I've been studying the texts since I found the database, but I can't understand why the texts would have been released and for what purposes. It's like the document describing the circumstances was written in code.”
	“Well, it seems like something HADES would do. Give scholars documents no one would really believe.”
	“But didn't you say your documents wouldn't be believed by scholars?”
	“In my instance. But the principle is the same. The Gnostic gospels were writings by people who considered themselves Christian. They were religious texts influenced by Jesus. Christians in earlier times argued over which works belonged in the New Testament. It was only later that churches decided which books where Christian and which were not. But mainstream thought doesn't question whether these decisions were the right ones. Christians have accepted the decisions without the foggiest idea of who made them or why. The Bible is the Bible because it's the Bible. The texts could have refueled that old debate, but as far as mainstream thought was concerned, this debate was concluded as God himself intended. So even though scholars were convinced, it was ignored by the public.”
	“Then why release them? There's some documentation as to why, but I just can't understand the references.”
	“Well, I can't speak for the person or persons that might have done it. But I, personally, wouldn't release it to change Christianity. As previously stated, the Bible is the Bible because it's the Bible. I imagine there was some other aim. Some aim that's escaped you because you don't know the circumstances or texts well.”
	“Great. Now I have even more questions and no answers.”
	“Progress.”
	“You scholars love questions?”
	“Maybe we don't have answers to the questions we have. But we do have something.”
	“What?”
	“Confirmation. Confirmation that these questions are worthy of asking.

*	*	* 

	The sun glared down on Kavala from high above, and Dr. Creed had, like many others, made the decision to remedy this by going to the beach. The slope of the shore was such that there wasn't a great deal of sand or shallow water. There were enough people to provide some anonymity, but not enough to negate the possibilities for quiet reflection. Dr. Creed took out a pen and began:

Dear Phoenix:
	I do not know when this letter will arrive. I'm basically settled in Greece by now. I set as my only compass your poem, and have ended up in a small provincial town named Kavala. Against all “reasonable” and “rational” odds I found what I was looking for.

	
	Dr. Creed couldn't write anything for half and hour. Then he began:


	I found it, and I lost it. I found another individual named Electra who had also been contacted by HADES. But after a brief and illuminating discussion I fear she shall never speak to me again. Her daughter, Cora, found an artifact which I am convinced was the lyre used by Orpheus, as mentioned in your poem. It had the power to make me weep and when Cora played it she claimed to be able to speak with her father who is dead. Then it mysteriously disappeared. I believed it was reclaimed by HADES. However, upon its disappearance, Cora and Electra are convinced that I stole it. I do not quite not what to do.
	I would think I should feel crushed. But I don't. I went out looking for something. I didn't know what it was, why it was important, or what form it would arrive in. I was convinced it was there. As it turned out, it arrive most unexpectedly. That sense of serendipity seems to insulate me from a sense of loss. If what I was looking for arrived, should I be disappointed if what I wanted was brief? The meeting was short, but I feel I'm forever changed as a person. I feel like I can accomplish we ends if, !"over time, I can open myself to what the experience meant.


	Dr. Creed put his pen down again. The waves were lapping softly. The ocean stretched out forever, ready to swallow a thousand more Atlantises. He had not chosen to receive the texts that he had. Months had been spent trying to reason them out, only for him to make his way under the guidance of a poem. And even as he dealt with so many doubts, he was always certain that independent confirmation of HADES would guide him. Now that certainty was gone, but the memory of Electra's hand on his shoulder seemed to block his disappointment. He possessed a strange feeling of peace. 
	He couldn't understand why he should be disappointed with his life. Whatever had happened had drawn him here--and here was where he needed to be. He looked over at his fellow beachgoers. Were they where they needed to be? He examined them in detail in hopes of answering this question, and there, swimming in the beach plan as day, he saw Cora.
	He had picked this beach precisely because he thought it was the least likely beach that Electra would pick if she wished to go to the beach. It was possible that she followed him, but given his recent fortunes, he felt certain Electra had picked this beach for the exact same reason, that it was the least likely beach for him to pick. 
	Were they secretly trying to reconcile the breach of trust? Dr. Creed started pondering this question but could not do so for long. His thoughts were interrupted by a blood curdling scream. He felt wrenched without moving a muscle. The only word he heard was the Greek word for jellyfish. He leapt to his feet at once, not really aware of how he could do it so quickly when he had started on his back. He began running towards the beach, and his every next step seemed a logical consequence of the one before it. He was not thinking, but he knew what he was doing. He was going to save Cora. 
	His more cautious mind might have paused at a number of questions. He'd only met the girl, and he'd been rejected. Why put himself on the line for her? What was he getting into? Was HADES somehow connected to this incident or was it nothing but an unexpected arrival of unwelcome animal visitors? In any case, the water, waves, and salt proved no obstacle. Even the jellyfish gave him no pause, though they now seemed to be glowing, pulsing off every color of the rainbow. The effect was bright enough to see in the mid day sun. 
	Dr. Creed reached Cora and picked her out of the water. Startled at first, she struggled. Then she saw the glowing orbs, with tentacles of gleaming metal.
	“What's going on?” she screeched.
	“Relax, it's a jellyfish swarm. You'll be safer out of the water.”
	“What about you?”
	Dr. Creed blanked out for a bit. “Don't worry. They won't like the scent of my sunscreen.” It was a witless response, but spoken with a conviction that Cora didn't argue with. For all he knew it might have been true, he could feel soft tissue and swinging cords, which could have stung him at any moment. 
	They certainly were stinging the other swimmers. People were running out of the ocean screaming, if they were running out at all. He expected a sting at any moment. Everyone else in the water was trying to exit in agony. But the jellyfish just glided on by as if he were invisible. He froze, and continued to bear Cora's weight as best he could. She was not terribly heavy, but being unable to move made it difficult to hold her up. But just a few looks at the expression told Dr. Creed he had better hold her up or else. 
	Dr. Creed, stifened up and tried to control his breathing. Uninterrupted oxygen flow ought to get him through this crisis. But the jellyfish had kept marching to shore, and when they deposited their bodies on the beaches, and their corpses smelled like industrial waste. Dr. Creed had never smelt mercury, but he was certain this was what it smelled like.
	“Eww... that's awful.” Cora protested. He struggled to hold her as she brought her fingers to her nose. Dr. Greek laughed as she closed her nostrils with her fingers like a child, which she was, but Creed had forgotten that for a bit.
	“Why don't you close my nose too?” he asked, and a small salty hand obliged. He looked back at the shore which was now shimmering in the sun. Dr. Creed closed his eyes on reflex. The creatures seemed to have ingested a metal, possibly a radioactive one. They seemed to be an army on retreat from something menacing in the deep, Like the sinking of a ship with industrial waste. What could it have been?
	An old classroom memory suddenly came in vivid detail. It was a lament from Isaac Newton, that he sometimes felt himself staring at an ocean of truth, and any discovery he might make was merely the equivalent of picking up a sea shell and admiring it. That this particular memory would seem useful or pertinent in the current situation was absurd, but this was the memory his brain conjured when he was in danger. So he held on to it, imagining himself at shore until the army had fully seeped up on shore. He imagined the herd was fleeing from something horrible, and in panic took out the other swimmers. They must not have seen him as a dangerous obstacle, more like a rock they could easily slide by, but what drove such a herd to a conclusion was anyone's guess. 
	When Dr. Creed could hold Cora above water no longer she swam back to her mother's arms. There were tears, a long hug and many rapid kisses. Dr. Creed got the feeling that it wasn't a mother and child reuniting, but two pieces of existence separated by some jolt now coming back together again without thought or hesitation. 
	After that reunion, Electra turned over to Dr. Creed. “Looks like I had you figured wrong Dr. Creed. How did you... why weren't you... thank you for saving her.”
	“I just did what I thought was right.” 
	“But how did you know what to do to let them pass?”
	“I don't know. There must be something different about me... Animals don't behave this way. This event shouldn't have happened. And as I said before, I don't ignore what shouldn't be possible. I'm going to figure this out.”
	“Well you had better hurry,” Electra responded, twirling her finger to indicate the sound of sirens. They are going to want to know.”
	Dr. Creed noticed a long line of vehicles parading down the streets. They were all painted white with a red cross. But the vehicles didn't look like ambulances. They looked like personnel carriers.
	“I think it would be best,” Electra replied, “if we agreed we didn't know each other. 

*	*	*

	The people who came out of the ambulances were nurses. They said the beach was contaminated. They said Dr. Creed, Electra, and Cora would need to be quarantined. They ushered them back into the ambulances. Inside, there were soldiers with gas masks.
	Given the nature of the incident this did not surprise Dr Creed. He was motioned to sit on the rather uncomfortable planks that lined the side of the vehicle. One of the two soldiers placed a thermometer under his tongue, yanked out his arm and put his fingers on his wrist, and pulled out a stethoscope from a deep pocket, placing it on his chest and lungs, listening. This was all done without a !"word. 
	He could not recognize the soldier's uniform but a patch on the left soldier had text on it printed in Cyrillic. He must have been Russian. It would be a serious act of misconduct for the Russian military to remove an American citizen on Greek soil. But this was the kind of incident that “codes of conduct” were probably infinitely flexible. He wasn't about to argue with the oiled AK-47 slung over the shoulder of his examiner, or the one laying at the side of his partner. 
	The roar of the truck's diesel engine made it sound as if it were made back in the era of the Soviets, bearing its long treks with heavy loads through the mountains of Afghanistan through inexhaustible endurance and an unflinching fatalism. The markings of an ambulance was its only ruse, inside the guts one could see nothing but room for heavy equipment, munitions, and hardened soldiers. This wasn't exactly what Dr. Creed was wanting when he went after HADES. But apparently this was what he was going to get. 
	The soldiers generally ignored him and whispered in what he guessed was Russian, though it may have been any number of Eastern European languages from the former Soviet empire. For practical purposes he was alone with the rattle of the engine, knowing only by the jostle of the ride he was going through mountains. 
	Was he going to be interrogated? Everything pointed to it, the isolation, the disorientation, the armed soldiers. But what, exactly, would he reveal? That was the question, and the question was his own form of torture. Knowing that some of what he would say might be held against him, his thoughts hovered over all the important things that might compromise him. 
	The first was Electra's claim of the Nag Hammadi library being leaked. He had no idea what that really meant, but he felt like he wasn't supposed to know. Russia, overall, hadn't had an enforced atheism for some time, but there was no telling if these soldiers had some agenda of religious persecution. He had stated, rightly, American religion, “The Bible is the Bible because it's the Bible.” The Bible was sacrosanct. But this statement was not entirely accurate. A fundamental shift had occurred in its character. People could read it. 
	A bible you can read is an entirely different book from one you can't. If you could read it yourself then you could interpret for yourself, and there weren't really any restrictions on the right way 

to read it. Wars had been fought over this principle, generally when churches and kings didn't agree on the right way. It was striking, now that he took time to think about it. The Bible had no forward, preface, or introduction. It had no afterword or footnotes. A fundamental belief of Christianity was that the Bible was true. If you asked, “What is the Bible?” an answer was ready and waiting. If you asked “What is truth?” well then things got interesting. 
	Dr. Creed was launched a few inches into the area as the truck went over a large rock. It jolted him from his musings, and brought him back to the closing confines of the truck. It became clearer that the Russians probably weren't going to question him on theology. He wasn't being sent to the Spanish Inquisition. Though what he faced still wasn't clear. 
	Dr. Creed yawned a bit and noticed the air was getting thinner. He hadn't the slightest clue what country he was in, only that he was entering a rocky area. There was no outside light. He knew the date, and understood that given the time he was apprehended, it was still daylight outside. But it was clear it didn't matter what was going on outside didn't matter if he could never tell when he would leave his confinement. 
	He looked back over the Russians who were now rather jovial to each other. Having looked down for a while and focusing on the hum of the trick had him forget their presence. As he looked over it was clear that one was showing a letter to the other. A raucous laugh laced with testosterone indicated the letter was obscene in nature, perhaps written by a lover anxiously awaiting a soldier's return. 
	He felt the urge to write to Phoenix. It wanted to let her know that it was ok and Electra and he had settled their differences. But it wasn't ok. He was being taken some place to be interrogated without a clue as to what the interrogator was seeking and his mind was racing to figure out what it wasn't supposed to know. The rocky, ambling truck ride only made things worse, and he was sure it was part of a process to disorient him, so he wouldn't know what to hide and what to reveal. 
	He ignored theology this second bout and focused on the jellyfish incident itself. He hadn't survived merely by keeping still. He made all haste to rescue Cora and hadn't been stung while swimming. He hadn't been stung by remaining perfectly still. So he did what logic compelled, he rejected the idea that his physical movement saved him. Electra herself, now that he had time to think of it, had been in the water as well. 
	Could the jellyfish have ignored people with prior knowledge of HADES? He had to be honest with what he saw. Rainbow jellyfish that reflected light like shimmering metal marching up to the beach to die, to dissolve into liquid metal. That was what he experienced. It didn't seem like the march of an army either. The jellyfish swimming past him did not do so in a pattern he could detect, like the ranks of a military or the congregation of a herd. It was a roving band, and their singular direction of their movement suggested an exodus. It suggested this mass of jellyfish no longer believed the water was their home. 
	Was this what he shouldn't want his interrogators to know? The sensation that this incident was an exodus, an exodus which was a clearly religious term? That something supernatural was occurring, or at least something outside any scientific paradigm. Might the Russians have been experimenting with something dangerous? Something they had been able to keep Top Secret, Cold War style? 
	He decided, for now, that he would approach any interrogation with a just the facts attitude. He would pretend not to grasp the possibility of an unreal event occurring. He would describe the literal events that took place and pretend to be incapable of making conclusions based on evidence. Would being simple and dumb save him? How didn't know. But it seemed prudent not to know too much. 


The Collapse of the Tower of Words


	Pretend it isn't happening, Dr Creed told himself. He knew full well he was being dragged around an unknown military facility through an uneven matrix of hallways to some room to do anything that could be imagined. But since he understood nothing of what was going on, he tried to just blankly accept it. He looked down and refused to make eye contact with anyone. The only thing he did note was that more people were dressed in suits and lab coats than military uniforms. 
	He was led to a sparse room with some basic medical supplies: tongue depressors, a scale, cotton swabs, needles. It wasn't too different from a doctor's office back home in the states, except that nothing was digital. Were they just going to give him a physical? A number of hours on a rattling, rock laden truck ride seemed pretty far away for them to just do a physical. But if he didn't know anything they wanted to find out, might it turn out that way? Considering the possibility seemed naïve, but then maybe was a day that called for being naïve. 
	Within a couple of minutes the door opened, and a small woman with the appearance of a nurse entered. “You may relax now sir,” she instructed. Her voice was soft but distinct, even with a strong Russian accent. The smoothness in her voice was in direct conflict with the hardness of her eyes, but it was still capable of calming him down.
	“I understand there was an incident at a beach.”
	“Yes. An incident.”
	“Could you describe what happened.”
	“It was a swarm of jellyfish. They wanted on shore for some reason but outside the water, well, they shriveled up.”
	“These weren't your usual jellyfish.”
	“No. They glowed the colors of the rainbow. And they seemed to have some liquid metal inside them.”
	“And they attacked everyone on the beach. Except for you, a woman, and a child. Can you think why they might have left you alone?”
	“I don't know.”
	“Perhaps you had just put on sunscreen? Or some other topical product that might have repelled them?”
	Dr. Creed wanted to lie but didn't. “No. I can't think of anything strange I might have had to eat either. 
	“There may a few things. Have you come across anything red and sticky that you couldn't account for?”
	“No.”
	“You're certain. It would likely be on low quality pulp paper. A newspaper perhaps, or party confetti.”
	“Not that I can think of.”
	“Have you eaten any imported honey in the last six months?”
	“No.”
	“Perhaps it's something respiratory? Could you cough into this tissue please?”
	Dr. Creed turned. The tissue was grey and he wasn't sure what kind of material it was made out of. After a solid hard cough the nurse placed the tissue in a biohazard bag.
	“Miss,” Dr. Creed asked, “what do you think this is?”
	“It's Anna. What I think doesn't matter. It's up to the doctor to make those decisions.”
	“But surely you must have some idea. You've asked some pretty unusual and specific questions.”
	“I only ask based on what's going around at the moment.”
	“Like a disease?”
	“Yes.”
	“But a different kind of disease. Not one you'd find in a medical textbook.”
	His response threw her off. Anna paused to long for something not to be up. “I will admit that it's a newly emerging disease. One that's not particularly well understood. That's why it's important you give me all the details and all your impressions. Why do you think those jellyfish went to shore the way they did, given that it meant their deaths?”
	“The behavior was strange. I thought they might have been exposed to some sort of industrial chemical. Some nerve toxin? But their movements were quite coordinated. Almost as if something told them they belonged on the shore.”
	“And what might have told them?”
	“I don't know.”
	“Imagine. They let you be for some reason. Imagine. Postulate. Pontificate. Why?”
	“I just don't know.”
	“I see,” Anna replied, unexpectedly disappointed. “I'm going to have to draw some blood.” She responded, pulling out a pouch of small syringes in a hidden pocket of a lab coat. She pulled out a piece of blue rubber and tied it around his arm, tapping in the crook of his elbow. She stuck him with the needle but didn't pull back on the plunger. She pushed in. His muscles tensed and burned. His veins felt scrubbed by sandpaper.
	“It's poison,” Anna stated, her cheery voice muted and sinister. “An enzyme that breaks down the muscles until it works its way into the heart. Other strange things have happened to you.”
	“Yes! Yes!” Dr. Creed screamed. Finding himself confronted with immediate death he grasped at the first thing he could say that might save him. “But I can't tell you if I'm dead.” 
	“Tell me now and I'll give you the antidote.”
	“If you want to know, you won't just let me die.” He gambled on whether or not his death was an acceptable end to his interrogation. Anna pulled out a second needle and plunged it in with great speed.
	“That's enough antidote to keep you from dying, but not enough to stop the pain that's coming. Usually people don't get the first needle without saying something. What was out of the ordinary?”
	“There was a lyre that could bring back people from the dead. But it's been confiscated hasn't it?”
	“A lyre went missing. Do you know who it belonged to?”
	“Orpheus.”
	“Orpheus is dead.”
	“Then HADES.”
	“And nothing that enters death's domain ever returns to the land of the living.”
	“That isn't true,” Dr. Creed countered.
	“Oh?”
	“The termite eats the rotting log, the vultures pick clean the carcass.”
	“Hmm...” Anna flashed a wicked smile. “This interrogation is going to get very interesting.”
	The door to the room opened abruptly and with some force. “That's enough for the moment. You're being relieved. HADES, Athens Lieutenant Special Forces.”
	“What's Athens role in all this?” Anna barked. Dr. Creed seethed in pain.
	“Give him the rest of the antidote,” the man stared her down. Anna complied. 
	“What's this about?” she asked. 
	“I outrank you,” the man replied. “You're just an interrogator. Ask your counterparts in Moscow if they'll favor you with that information. Now leave.”
	Anna left.
	“Good cop, bad cop.” Dr. Creed replied.
	“Huh? That an American expression? I'm not here to interrogate. You must forgive my counterpart's behavior. Not all of HADES' directives are shared. I'm sure she was just following normal operating procedure.”
	“Procedure for what?”
	“A breech.”
	“What are those?”
	“An incident where something that shouldn't happen does. HADES puts forth considerable effort have these incidents ignored or denied. At times it makes heretics of the witnesses. You seem to have experienced a mild taste of the later. But HADES felt it was important for you to witness the event. It wanted the events to linger. 
	"I was supposed to see it?"
	"I'm not at liberty to explain. Let's just say you were given a set of choices that could lead you to it—with the result that you arrived. That is all."
	"Why should I be given that set of choices over someone else?"
	"That is something I genuinely don't know. That is not my rank.
	"Is HADES a military organization?"
	"It employs mercenaries, though that facet of the organization is unimportant as far as you're concerned. HADES  is both the land of the dead and the human agents in the material world conducting its business."
	"What humans would conduct the business of the death?”
	“I think you answered your own question.”
	“How so?”
	“The business of death. Does the god of the dead ever give back what he owns?”
	“Not if he can help it.”
	“And does he always acquire more?”
	“Yes.”
	“A tad greedy don't you think?”
	“People work for death to achieve profit. Ok, that doesn't sound so unlikely.”
	“Of course death will take it from them in the end, but this is all a digression. You were given a range of choices to lead you to this point, and you picked them. My task is present you with another choice.”
	“What choice? 
	“You no doubt are familiar with the Delphic Oracles of Greece."
	"The Priestess of Apollo, the god of prophecy. The kings of Greece would consult them while making decisions. But their advice was notoriously cryptic. They let the seeker of the prophecy fill in the blanks."
	"Excellent analysis. They went into a trance. Modern scholars are still unsure the method." The man pulled out a vial. "This is their secret. They called it the blood of Apollo."
	"What drug is it?"
	"The nature of the substance is unimportant. Will you take it?"
	"What will it do to me?"
	"The prophets only give their clients what they need to know. You have to make a choice to take it, not knowing what it will give you."
	Dr. Greek looked down. He took the vial. The liquid was a yellow murk, but he strained his eyes to see it more clearly and his winced at a hidden brightness. It sparkled deeply somehow, though its yellow hue seemed as opaque as an abyss. He downed it fast like terrible vodka. 
	"Try to relax doctor. You must be open to the experience."
	"So what do I do? Stare at the ceiling until it moves?"
	"You could dance yourself into a swoon for all I care, though it might not be such a could idea with muscle consuming toxin still in your veins."
	Dr. Greek wove his fingers together, lifted his arms above his head and cracked his knuckles. Then he let his arms untense. It was what he did late at night to relax when the grading seemed to be without end. 
	He heard a woman speaking to him in a rather odd dialect of Greek. He had some difficulty with her pronunciation, but as he concentrated he began to hear a great deal of antiquated words. It wasn't modern Greek. It was a higher pitch but even. There was no quick chipper, the words seemed to stretch out, like a lover speaking to her beloved.
	"Let me give you a tour of the library." He finally made out. "My name is Lydia."
	"Dr. Creed."
	"You're from Greece? The land of Alexender?"
	"No, I'm from America, but I studied in Greece."
	"America? I've not heard of such a land. But there are men from many lands of which I know little. Perhaps tonight you might tell me something about it?"
	"I don't know how long I'll be here."
	"Oh, then all the more important." She took her hand in his. He'd never felt such smoothness. "But first let me show you the library."
	"Are you a librarian?"
	She giggled. "No, I'm one of the library's ambassadors. I'm here to make those of foreign lands welcome in this place.
	Lydia's appearance was slowly becoming more vivid. She more a long linen robe, around which she had a purple sash. Something seemed significant about the sash, but he couldn't place it. He let her smooth hand guide him into the library. But there were no books. The library was several floors high, with slots for scrolls.
	"What kind of library is this?"
	"The finest in world," Lydia replied, with great pride. I do not mean to insult your homeland of course, but I doubt it has a greater depository of scholarship than Alexandria. That is no doubt why you are here."
	"The Library of Alexandria!" Dr. Creed exclaimed.
	"Please be courteous of our other scholars and restrain your voice. You speak as if you don't know where you are. You came to the city of Alexander the liberator for its library did you not?"
	"Of course, but then, I should expect a male ambassador."
	"Do not be insulted. I'm certain, if you come from such a far off land as America you have business of extended time. I'm certain you will have many conversations with many learned men. But in this city we also have some fine learned women. If you should desire their company..."
	"Oh."
	"You sound disappointed."
	"No. No. You just don't strike me as a..."
	"I do not know your American customs. But a woman's company is nothing to be ashamed of here. Many men confess to me they grew tired of women without education."
	"Then as an educated woman you can show me the library?"
	"Yes. You are familiar with the Greek script no doubt. Are you familiar with any other? Does America have its own script?"
	"It does, though I doubt you'd find it here."
	"Oh, Doctor Creed, this is a library! If it can be found anywhere, it can be found here. Is the American script pictorial, character based, or alphabetic?"
	"It's alphabetic."
	"And its material? We Egyptians have a reed called papyrus. It highly compact and can be easily compiled. Though I'm sure you can gather that by wandering the library."
	"We have paper."
	"Perhaps an exchange can be made? We have an acquistions department. Is there any knowledge your kingdom would greatly value? We can supply it."
	"I'm here to explore, but I'm sure your library has a particular something I've been looking for. Something I won't find anywhere else."
	"What is this particular something?"
	"It's about a structure. Something of great height. Something that fell. In my land we are building something. Something quite tall. I had heard of a story of something of great height collapsing. I'm hoping to learn why."
	"Is this a pyramid? We have many texts on geometry if that would assist. Then there is our Egyptian heritage of pyramids."
	"Buildings that will remain long after humanity has passed?"
	"Man fears time and time fears pyramids they say. If it's a pyramid you're worried about they don't collapse. It's easy enough to note that the base is wider than the top. But there's something more. If the angle is too sharp, too ambitious, the builders can see that before the construction is finished and moderate the angle. Only kings and architects notice."
	"That's interesting," he responded. Lydia was becoming more physical. It was still difficult to make out the features of her face but the curves of her body were becoming more apparent. So too was the saturation of papyrus coming from a structure without central ventilation. "But this structure is vertical. It has to be of proper conception. I've heard of another story."
	"There is one I can think of, but it's not in Greek script. It's an older alphabet before the Greeks"
	"Phoenician?"
	"Yes. That's the term. You are familiar with it?"
	"It's the first alphabet."
	"There are older writing systems, but it is a pure alphabet. The idea to have an entirely alphabetic system is quite radical, though I'm sure you're used to reading Greek. You can write down any language from the sounds it makes. But you have to be able to speak the language in order to read it. Not so with our hieroglyphs. You don't need to know the old Egyptian. I can get one of our scribes to fetch it for you." she suggested, and then rolled her finger from his chin downward. Unless you have need for an ambassador instead of a scribe. Then I could fetch it for you."
	"I'd prefer an ambassador."
	"Excellent. You'll speak well of the kingdom of Ptolemies. I guarantee it. Do you need someone who can read Phoenician to assist you?"
	"Let's find the scroll first."
	"Yes, let's."
	Dr. Creed have grave doubts Lydia could find the work amidst so many other texts. It could take days: the library wouldn't have a classification system as broad or deep as a modern library, let alone the speed of something like the internet. Personal knowledge of the library's idiosyncracies would have a great role to play--not that Dr. Creed would mind. Browsing the Library of Alexandria was a classical scholar's unbridled fantasy. To have that fleeting moment of knowing what was real in that time and place... Less than a dozen of these scrolls could secure a glorious academic career, something much greater than teaching a dead language or any of the unreliable odd jobs he'd had up to this point. 
	Lydia led Dr. Creed downstairs. She began muttering to herself in s strange language. Occassionally a Greek word would slip in, and surprisingly some Hebrew ones. Then Lydia began walking down past a few aisles. Dr. Greek was still breathless to see scroll after scroll.
	"Just of curiosity, what do they trade in America?"
	"Trade?"
	"Yes. Iron, olives, gold, cotton, quarries? What do you make? What do you eat? Do all Americans dress as you do? You don some awfully strange fabrics."
	"This," Dr. Greek pointed to his jeans, "Is denim. It's both quite flexible and durable."
	"You must speak with the merchants before you return. It should fetch a high price, this fabric made in America."
	"Yes, well..."
	"Here is the scroll," Lydia pointed.
	"You found it rather quickly."
	"A man was here recently, with a great beard. He marked the scroll with an obscure text."
	Dr. Greek looked down at the writing. It was Hebrew.
	"I've seen this text before.
	"He said his God had charged him to scour the earth for his religious texts. His people thought the collection was complete. He was a member of a sect that believed certain texts that belonged in the collection had been lost, and he was here trying to find them."
	Dr. Greek carefully unwrapped the scroll. 

The Collapse of the Temple of the Alphabet
	In a kingdom of ancient origin whose name is now forgotten lived a statue maker. He was beloved by the king for both the detail and grandeur of his work. He had constructed for his king the tallest freestanding statue that had ever been. It was a great wonder, and brought many a visitor and the awe of other kings. 
	It was a great blessing to his majesty who used it wisely. If his kingdom could produce statues of such nature, he spread the rumors around that his siege machines would be of equal marvel. Thus did the king spare himself the expense of a great army, by which his city prospered and he lived in luxury.
	But, impressive as the statue was, the king saw its limits to shock and awe. So he commissioned his statue maker to build a temple of such height that no one would ever question his kingdom's power. He informed the statue maker that nothing could be too bold—so  long as the structure was sound.
	The statue maker told the king he could not imagine such a structure on his own. He asked to speak to a great trader, a great general, and a great scholar, and the king gathered the three of them together. 
	"What," he asked the scholar, "is the nature of the trade between nations?"
	"All nations are rich in some things and poor in others. One values what one lacks more than what one has in abundance. Thus nations exchange."
	"What" he asked the general, "is the nature of war between nations?"
	"Nations construct armies. Each does so in its own way. One nation sees to its advantage to produce more arrows, the other to produce more shields. Those who make more arrows make better arrows, and those that produce more shields produce better shields. Which commander shows more prudence is shown on the battlefield, for if the one nation produces arrows that pierce shields it is the wiser, but if the other nation produces shields through which no arrow shall pass than it is wiser."
	"What" he asked the scholar, "is the nature of knowledge amongst the nations?"
	"Each scholar lives in his own country, and seeing the state of his country, determines which knowledge should be the most profitable to gain. The country gains knowledge when the country's opinions are in accordance with truth, and increases in ignorance when its opinions are not in accordance with truth. The wisest of countries send scholars to investigate the opinions of others nations, for only then is it able to see beyond the falsehoods of its own."
	"Thus in knowledge, war, and trade other nations have riches of different kinds. I submit to you then, oh King, that the nation that understands the extent of the riches of other nations shall have the greatest glory."
	"How then," asked the king, "shall thou uncover the riches of other nations?"
	"All the nations have different tongues. I shall construct a temple with the words of all peoples. I shall make their words like unto stones, and when I have finished my temple there will be one language whose temple shall be ours."
	"Then it shall be so." proclaimed the king. "Gather scribes and masons of all nations together and we will build this temple."
	And so it was that temple began. In the beginning there was great frustration, for giving orders in the languages of all nations was difficult. But many a wonder happened during the building of the temple. For at times when word-stone was placed upon word-stone all the names for a thing became known. And when word-stone was placed upon word-stone it was discovered the number of sounds used by the tongues of nations was actually quite small. And as the temple was built marvel upon marvel revealed how the tongues of nations that had seemed so different were quite the same. And the scribes and masons began to hold it as fact that when the temple was finished it would be revealed that all tongues of nations would be revealed to be the same—though there was a great debate as to why they should seem so different. 
	The construction of the temple was beyond the generation of the statue maker. So it was agreed upon by the king that the first born in the line of the statue maker should have a wife of the great nations, and that each born after that should have wives of lesser nations and tribes, such that the progeny of the first statue maker could continue in the building of the temple, for it was known that children were better at learning the many tongues than their parents. 
	During the third generation of the construction of the temple there arrived a scribe from a kingdom so distant that no one could recall hearing of it, and this scribe came with a secret called paper. This secret, though flimsy and weak to every element, was capable of transcribing words on a fraction of the size of the word-stones. There was great talk that building of the temple might stop, but this was set to rest by the first born of the temple builders, who proposed something different. The paper could be used to plan the placement of the word stones temporarily so they could be easily set in place. He chose the most lingual of his brethren to begin this acceleration of the project--and paper increased building several fold. 
	What was thought would take seven generations would now take four. But as the temple reached completion on paper a strange thing occurred. A small band containing some of the brightest linguists fled in panic with only what their backs could carry and boarded the ship of the distant nation at night. It was rumored, though with little evidenced, that they settled amongst a sea-faring nation named Phoenicia. 
	The inexplicable reason for their terror became known after a certain time had passed. The temple of the one language had not yet been finished. However, it had reached a height that, it became possible for the masons of each nation to converse with each other crudely. Then it was discovered how one nation considered the many other nations as savages, and how those many other nations viewed that nation as savages, and the scribes and masons set upon each other, and the armies of those nations fought desperately amongst themselves for the right to destroy the temple themselves. 

	"So an alphabet is the remains of a one language that the nations of the world rejected? Violently?"
	"Yes," Lydia replied, and disrobed. The beautiful curves hinted under Lydia's robes were made entirely of fire, and Dr. Greek could clearly see her with twelve arms, juggling twelve torches.
	"The Library of Alexandria must burn. You knew that." Lydia's smooth voice becoming overbearing. 
	"But you said you were one of the library's ambassadors!" Dr. Greek objected. He knew his protest was futile, but he had to make it anyway. "How can you burn so many scrolls of such value?"
	"Men have spoken truths to me in the night that a hundred scrolls could not transcribe. I am gracing you with a choice. You can burn to ashes and save the scroll. Or you can trust that the scroll of the Hebrew captures the story sufficiently and live." 
	"The rest of the library lost forever?"
	"Yes. The Library of Alexandria burned and nothing can change that. You can determine if this physical scroll will survive. Hold to it fast and race out the way you came or don my robe, through which no fire can pass. 
	He looked at the scroll. It was the exact sort of text he thought he'd give anything for. He dropped it for the cloak. Navigating out of the library was of great difficulty. The cloak covered all light and heat, so it was impossible to know exactly where he was going. Initially he bumped into shelves frequently. But as he continued to walk, this was less and less the case. It occurred to him that perhaps the reason for this was that the robe allowed him to walk through objects that were on fire. 
	A sudden fear jolted through him that if this were the case he'd never know when to lift the robe. But this conundrum was solved when someone he ran into someone far enough from the flames who curiously lifted his robe.
	Dr. Creed awoke with a start. The unnamed agent of HADES stood over him, and wiped the sweat off his brow. "You're back in the room you were in Dr. Creed, in safety. But your ability to speak clearly will not return for several hours."
	"The tower will fall, but it will not fall through the act of one nation alone."
	"You have the tongue of a prophet still reeling from the blood of Apollo. HADES will let you go after the effects of the substance have worn off. Do not trouble yourself with conversing doctor. You will find you have the ability only to say the simplest of sentences."
	
	"Get me a Bible."
	"Certainly."

The First Book of Moses
called Genesis
chapter 11:1-9

1] And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech
2] And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there
3] And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar
4] And they said, Go to, let us build a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
5] And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.
6] And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language, and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
7] Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
8] So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth, and they left off to build the city.
9] Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there confound the language of all earth, and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad open the face of all the earth.

	The story just didn't seem the same. It felt lesser somehow given the vividness of his vision and the vagueness of the Biblical version. Still, important parts of the story coincided. The Tower of Words was to be the grandest structure devised on the power of a universal language. Likewise did the Tower of Babel reach unto heaven. "And now nothing will be restrained from them" that built it. Armed with the power of the one language the constructors of Babel could create whatever they envisioned.
	The constructors of the Tower of Words were quite different. The power of the one language destroyed them, and without the need of an outside Lord. Though a similarity did remain. Both passages warned of a kind of danger that arose from a universal language. 
	The kind of danger seemed fundamentally different. The Biblical Lord felt the power was too much for humans to have and scattered them. The constructors of the Tower of Words were not put down by an outside Lord, but their own weakness. It could be the case that each culture's smug sense of superiority brought down the Tower, but such a base assumption seemed to devalue the story. For if that was the nature of the story, the tower should never have reached such height. The contempt of people towards each other should have become apparent much sooner.
	An important part of that tale was of the many languages truly interlocking. And one's language (languages) were... they were capable of holding the depth of a person's entire existence. To see that language weave, interrelate, dissolve, and contradict would have been a truly overwhelming experience. If that experience had been seen as a threatening one, the nations would have likely dashed each other to pieces and scattered without any outside assistance...
	But what was the difference between a Lord with power beyond human reckoning, and a truth beyond human reckoning? Might an observer of the fall of the Tower of Words simply conclude the Lord decided it was not to be and present this to his own people? It seemed plausible that the stories could be one and the same but for one important distinction—the distance of the observer. 
	A reader could easily note in the story of Babel a distinct lack of detail—a few short verses that didn't even compromise the majority of the chapter. This was a story that could easily come from a mason with only a dim knowledge of the tower's construction. The Collapse of the Temple of the Alphabet was most certainly written by someone with great familiarity with the temple's construction—its history, its design, and its purpose. In either case the result was the same: the temple was destroyed and humans forever losing their one language. 
	The more he thought about it, the more it seemed right to have left the scroll in the library, to have let the more distant, Biblical version to suffice. This seeming phantom he'd been chasing, the story of an advanced people that fell from some unforeseen circumstance, had apparently nestled its way into a few biblical verses and it was relieving to see them in some tangible form. 
	But that the story survived somehow in a surviving text was not the point. The point was the words of Lydia, "Men have spoken to me truths in the night that could not be written on a hundred scrolls." The physical scroll was in a sense unimportant. If there were no story teller to bring it to life, it would remain tucked away in academic journals as a curiosity. 
	But the Tower of Babel, in its nine humble verses, was the celebrated story of many an author, artist, and priest. The living stories were what mattered, not the scrolls guarded in antiquities museums. The story of the collapse of Atlantis, and its Egyptian and Biblical counterparts, was part of some larger story, and the conclusion seemed inescapable that HADES wanted him to tell it. But what exactly could this secular-religious organization have in mind when they made this decision? He had to know, for he felt it was a part of the story he had to tell. 

called Genesis
chapter 11:1-9

1] And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech
2] And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there
3] And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them throughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar
4] And they said, Go to, let us build a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
5] And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.
6] And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language, and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
7] Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
8] So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth, and they left off to build the city.
9] Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there confound the language of all earth, and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad open the face of all the earth.

	The story just didn't seem the same. It felt lesser somehow given the vividness of his vision and the vagueness of the Biblical version. Still, important parts of the story coincided. The Tower of Words was to be the grandest structure devised on the power of a universal language. Likewise did the Tower of Babel reach unto heaven. "And now nothing will be restrained from them" that built it. Armed with the power of the one language the constructors of Babel could create whatever they envisioned.
	The constructors of the Tower of Words were quite different. The power of the one language destroyed them, and without the need of an outside Lord. Though a similarity did remain. Both passages warned of a kind of danger that arose from a universal language. 
	The kind of danger seemed fundamentally different. The Biblical Lord felt the power was too much for humans to have and scattered them. The constructors of the Tower of Words were not put down by an outside Lord, but their own weakness. It could be the case that each culture's smug sense of superiority brought down the Tower, but such a base assumption seemed to devalue the story. For if that was the nature of the story, the tower should never have reached such height. The contempt of people towards each other should have become apparent much sooner.
	An important part of that tale was of the many languages truly interlocking. And one's language (languages) were... they were capable of holding the depth of a person's entire existence. To see that language weave, interrelate, dissolve, and contradict would have been a truly overwhelming experience. If that experience had been seen as a threatening one, the nations would have likely dashed each other to pieces and scattered without any outside assistance...
	But what was the difference between a Lord with power beyond human reckoning, and a truth beyond human reckoning? Might an observer of the fall of the Tower of Words simply conclude the Lord decided it was not to be and present this to his own people? It seemed plausible that the stories could be one and the same but for one important distinction—the distance of the observer. 
	A reader could easily note in the story of Babel a distinct lack of detail—a few short verses that didn't even compromise the majority of the chapter. This was a story that could easily come from a mason with only a dim knowledge of the tower's construction. The Collapse of the Temple of the Alphabet was most certainly written by someone with great familiarity with the temple's construction—its history, its design, and its purpose. In either case the result was the same: the temple was destroyed and humans forever losing their one language. 
	The more he thought about it, the more it seemed right to have left the scroll in the library, to have let the more distant, Biblical version to suffice. This seeming phantom he'd been chasing, the story of an advanced people that fell from some unforeseen circumstance, had apparently nestled its way into a few biblical verses and it was relieving to see them in some tangible form. 
	But that the story survived somehow in a surviving text was not the point. The point was the words of Lydia, "Men have spoken to me truths in the night that could not be written on a hundred scrolls." The physical scroll was in a sense unimportant. If there were no story teller to bring it to life, it would remain tucked away in academic journals as a curiosity. 
	But the Tower of Babel, in its nine humble verses, was the celebrated story of many an author, artist, and priest. The living stories were what mattered, not the scrolls guarded in antiquities museums. The story of the collapse of Atlantis, and its Egyptian and Biblical counterparts, was part of some larger story, and the conclusion seemed inescapable that HADES wanted him to tell it. But what exactly could this shadow organization that bordered the real and unreal have in mind when they made this decision? He had to know, for he felt it was a part of the story he had to tell. 





The Footsteps of Child Prophets


	Traveling in a diesel truck with two armed soldiers ranked amongst Electra's biggest nightmares. As a hacker she had taken numerous safeguards to keep her identity anonymous. Her husband had run afoul of the authorities and it was a great failure for them to have not only her, but also her daughter. She'd rather Cora be an orphan with disappeared parents then in this position. 
	A phrase came over and over to her mind, a desperate plea. How could I have known? This subsequent incident had nothing to do with her hacking activities. But her hacking activities did put her daughter at greater risk to the group of ruffians she'd been delivered into. She determined not to reveal them, for her daughter's shape.
	But that wasn't her current dilemma. No one was standing over her, asking her to divulge her activities. She wanted to be confronted with someone and spit in their face and tell them she'd never say a word. Instead she faced a deep throated engine and two soldiers playing cards without speaking. There was nothing she could do to help her daughter. She could only wait. There weren't even windows to look out of. 
	Electra generally enjoyed quiet time to think. But usually those thoughts didn't move back and forth between, “Am I going to die?”, “Is my daughter alright?”, and “What happened at the beach? Is the world real?”But those were the questions that were going to remain in her head until something jarred her out of it. 
	In the back of the dimly lit truck Electra lost all sense of time. Everything in her head was a projection of her dying, her daughter dying, or both. In the timeless, bumpy truck ride that spurned on forever she collapsed physically in her despair. She gave up hope for her future. The soldiers checked her vitals and gave her a canteen of water to sip. The day had been hot and she'd lost track of how thirsty she was. The soldier offering her a canteen quickly withdrew it when she started going. Her mind was wanting to give up. But her body refused, intent or not, and there was some comfort in that. Comfort in being built to see things to the very end. 
	Electra began working on a cover story. She figured on being honest about her day job, which was a database manager. Cracking into the field of computers hadn't been easy as a woman, but she had advanced quickly because her bosses were impressed by her attention to security. Little did they know she was protecting their databases from the techniques she exploited in her personal activities. 
	Why did she hack? There were practical considerations, but she didn't start with those considerations in mind. She had a simple love of knowing things someone didn't want her to know. Sometimes she would crack a database just to know she had access to it in the future. As her abilities increased she had been going after more difficult and dangerous targets: secrets by people that possessed a great deal of power. As she had done so her conviction grew that those in charge stayed in charge not so much by wealth or power but by keeping certain critical information secret.
	It was this very conviction that she resolved that she must not reveal. She could not give the impression of being a Robin Hood of the information age. She had to appear a bland, efficient database manager. She liked breaking things down, so she needed talk about wanting to keep things tidy. She liked creative chaos, so she needed to talk about everything being in it's place. Details were only tools of big ideas, so she needed to seem lost in the details and unable to grasp big ideas. As long as she'd keep her hacking secret it now seemed like she could talk her way out of it, if torture weren't involved. 
	Electra's mind was on edge as in any liar that can't know if their calculated lies will be revealed. The truck eventually stopped and she was led through a maze of tunnels to an unmarked room. It was dark but she could feel another presence in the room. 
	“Electra Samaras,” the presence said smoothly and with no emotion. His Greek was not that of a natural speaker. “Why don't you tell me what you think you saw?”
	Her rehearsed plan on database management seemed moot. “Jellyfish. An army of glowing rainbow jellyfish, stinging everyone in sight.”
	“Is that what you saw?” the interrogator asked, as thiough it was an obvious lie.”
	“Yes. They marched to shore, and dissolved into some horrible liquid metal.”
	“Where did they start this ascent, this march as you call it?”
	“I didn't see it start. I don't know where they came from.”
	“The jellyfish fail to hurt you or your daughter.”
	“What have you done to my daughter.”
	“All in good time.”
	“Is she safe?”
	“That depends on your responses. What do you know about Atlantis?”
	“That old myth? Anything any Greek has ever heard about it.”
	“Your male friend fail to mention it?”
	“He did. Is that what this is about? Spare yourself the trouble I don't know anything.”
	The door to the room swung open and made a considerable thud. Someone turned the switches on. Electra turned to see another man, and his Greek was flawless, “And that's exactly the problem. Addressed the black clothed man in the corner he replied, “Athens, special forces. You're being relieved of your duties. This is an affair for Athens, not Moscow.”
	“What's going on?” Electra asked her apparent savior.”
	“Leave,” he instructed the Russian. “This meeting is to be confidential.”
	“Athens needs to mind its business,” the soldier grumbled, then left.”
	“Forgive the rude treatment. The man didn't know you were a special case.”
	“To whom? HADES?”
	“So you do indeed know something. You're in a holding cell that belongs to HADES. Your were being treated as a standard witness of a breech.”
	“A breech?”
	“A breakdown of reality. When something that shouldn't be possible according to one's ideas of the world happens anyway. HADES generally keeps breeches secret. But occasionally there needs to be a witness.”
	“Why would that be the case?”
	“I'm not cleared to know the motives of HADES. I don't know why this organization would do this rather than another. But you do see the need for their to be people to tell the world that the impossible is possible. Prophets, artists, and inventors are the most prominent, but not the only ones. The deepest held convictions of a person or a society are often completely wrong. And sometimes fate or happenstance don't correct the problem. Sometimes that requires a person.”
	“A person to fix things according to HADES liking?”
	“Crassly put, yes.”
	“What if I don't want to?”
	“You don't know whether you want to or not, because you still don't know what HADES is.”
	Electra couldn't argue with the logic, so she said nothing. 
	“Besides, the task set before you is cracking a database. Exploring an archive information.”
	“What archive? Archive with a capital A?”
	“Yes. The oldest archive of information.”
	“An ancient library?”
	“No, not writing. Encoding information in a script has a history, but it is a new history.”
	“Then what?”
	“It's best I not ruin the experience with expectation. This,” the man pulled out an amber vial, “Is a substance known to the ancient Greeks but lost to your age. It's called the Blood of Apollo. The Delphic Oracles used it. This batch has been injected with silicon for your purpose. You must remain calm for its effects to be experienced properly.” 
	“Is Cora safe?” she asked, looking at the vial with great interest.
	“Perfectly,” he looked straight into Electra's eyes—his gaze was enough to settle her for now. There was no reference for fear or comfort so she let her wrist be tied and accepted the needle like a trusting patient. The man failed to inform her that Cora would be receiving a shot of her own. It would have tainted Electra's vision. 
	In the fifteen seconds the blood needed to course her veins, Electra forgot her human existence. The world seemed full of nothing but flickers. On and off, 0's and 1's. The ones and zeros flickered back and forth endlessly, leaving little but static. There was no up, down, left, or right. But there was a feeling of inside and outside, a globe of flickering that had some unnameable characteristic that receded in what seemed to be distance in this new world.
	Without reference to time, there was no telling how long this state lasted, or how gradual the transition might have been. But everywhere and at once 101's clearly distinguished themselves. Perhaps they had emerged, perhaps Electra was just beginning to perceive order in the world. But just as quickly as the 101's appeared the seemed to dissolve.
	Exist. Dissolve. Exist. Dissolve. Then 1010's and 1001's. Sometimes 10101001's and 10011010's. Straining might have uncovered even more complex patterns forming. These new patterns differed from the 101's. They could be split in half, turning to 10's and 01's and back again. This happened with increasing frequency. The new patterns replicated much more quickly and seemed to cluster together.
	An intensive reverberation built in a vibrating sphere. Like the lights of a shaky disco ball. The sensation of a body returned to Electra again, but it was not a human body. She felt as a sphere, surrounded by a net. The net squeezed her and made her move. As she felt her muscle flex and contort, she became aware of a hole in wall of the sphere. It must have been a mouth. And there floating down below her were 1's and 0's. That was then she rediscovered desire. Instinctively she flung her strands of hair to catch them. Once consumed she felt an animal delight. A whole meal. 
	Her body seemed to quiver in satisfaction, at least until she sensed herslef in a fetal position and stroking her hair in a room without any ones or zeroes at all. She was again Electra, but for a moment she had understood the feeling of being a jelly fish, even if she couldn't explain it. 
	“Do you understand now, why a jellyfish might revolt?” The interrogator asked. 
	“How could I began to answer that?” Electra asked, dazed.
	“It's a stretch. You were existing without a brain. That's disorienting.”
	“The reality of a jellyfish is so basic. I don't know how a jellyfish could be aware of a problem to revolt against. I felt only the simplest things. People revolt when they're desperate. For that to happen, something would have to be very wrong with basic reality.”
	“You hold onto that thought,” the man responded, leaving the room and looking the door behind him.” 


